Little Rock, Ark (June 25, 2024) — Philander Smith University (PSU) announced a new partnership with Synchrony Bank through their ‘Education as an Equalizer’ program. As part of Synchrony’s transformative commitment of $50 million over the next five years to academic institutions, non-profits, and skills-credentialing organizations through the Synchrony Foundation, PSU will receive $200,000 over a two-year period. Synchrony’s gift to Philander Smith will support student scholarships, host signature events for business majors, provide mentoring and student development programs, offer Synchrony career pathway pipeline resources, and foster a meaningful relationship between Synchrony and the university. Thecompany’s commitment aims to significantly and positively impact underserved communities. The ‘Education as an Equalizer’ program focuses on: “We are thrilled to partner with Synchrony Bank on this impactful initiative. Their generous support will enable us to provide essential resources and opportunities for our students, particularly in the Division of Business, ensuring they have the tools needed to succeed in their academic and professional careers,” said Dr. Shannon Clowney-Johnson, Philander Smith University’s Vice President for Academic Affairs. Curtis Howse, CEO of Home/Auto Platform for Synchrony Bank, highlighted the significance of the partnership: “Education and skills training are key drivers of economic mobility and equality. We need more talented people in corporate America from every community, especially those who areunderrepresented. Through the ‘Education as an Equalizer’ program, Synchrony is committed to breaking down barriers and providing opportunities for underserved communities to thrive. We are excited to collaborate with Philander Smith University to help students achieve their full potential.” This partnership underscores Philander Smith University’s dedication to empowering its students and strengthening its community through strategic collaborations. Together with Synchrony Bank, PSU will continue to make strides towards creating a more inclusive and equitable society. Media Advisory Synchrony Education as an Equalizer  25 June 2024 helpdesk@philander.edu 900 W. Daisy L Gatson Bates Dr.Little Rock, AR 72202 501-375-9845 © 2024Philander Smith UniversityAll Rights Reserved. |Privacy Policy|Accessibility|Site MapaQuadsimiabuilt website