A diverse and inclusive campus creates an environment where our lives are enriched by the different experiences and perspectives of colleagues, our preconceptions are challenged, our research is broadened, and our ideas are refined through the expansive exchange of ideas. Realizing this environment is essential for Caltech to remain a destination of choice for the most outstanding scholars. It is only when individuals from all backgrounds share equitably in the privileges of the academy that we will realize fully the potential of science and engineering to create knowledge for the ages and improve people's lives today. As Dr. Rosenbaum noted in hisinaugural addressin 2014 and again in hisresponse to the 2023 Supreme Court ruling, diversity is ingrained in our commitment to excellence. Diversity in thought, lived experience, and background matter; it enhances the potential for novel discovery and amplifies the impact of the Institute. Caltech's institutional mission to "expand human knowledge and benefit society through research integrated with education" is linked directly to theInstitute's commitmentto inclusion, diversity, equity, and accessibility (IDEA). Diversity, of perspective, lived experience, and background, is a critical contributor to excellence, inspiring better science and more inclusive technology. Further, an equitable, inclusive, and accessible institutional environment ensures that all individuals with the interest and talent can find belonging in, contribute to, and thrive in an engaging intellectual community. History has taught us that consistent and focused attention manifests change. History also demonstrates that when attention falters, so does progress. New generations of students, postdocs, faculty, and staff find themselves confronting familiar obstacles in addition to new ones. The lesson is clear: For there to be real change, the Institute as a whole must move forward with intention and create a future that builds on the solid foundation of our collective efforts. We aim to implement a robust, evidence-based strategy to embed IDEA into the routine processes and functions (e.g., hiring, teaching, mentoring, evaluation of staff and faculty, communications) and build capacity for inclusive practice across the Institute. We encourage a campus-wide commitment to and ownership of these values and their manifestation in our daily interactions. We are committed to cultivating a campus climate where everyone feels welcome. Through an equity-minded approach, we are removing barriers for historically excluded populations to flourish within our Caltech community. Caltech strives to become an example of how a diverse, inclusive community committed to equity permits individuals to thrive while fulfilling the Institute's mission at the forefront of research and education. Committed to providing education, advocacy, and allyship to create a community of equity and inclusive excellence at Caltech Ensuring that Caltech continues to attract the most original and creative scholars to the Institute by cultivating an environment where diversity is celebrated Invested and dedicated to student engagement, growth, and success through inclusive mentoring, recruitment, and undergraduate research Committed to fostering innovation and advancing evidence-based, inclusive practices through our programs and services Responsible for providing support and resources to students, faculty, postdoctoral scholars, and staff related to the prevention of all forms of discrimination, including discrimination on the basis of sex Removing barriers and helping students with disabilities actively participate in all aspects of the Caltech experience