A vast network of EDI-related student organizations and alumni networks, faculty/staff EDI leaders, and EDI-focused committees/councils is committed to the work of advancing equity, diversity, and inclusion for all Bruins. Explore a listing of these EDI leaders across UCLA. UCLA is proud to announce the Faculty Forward Initiative — a campuswide effort focusing on the recruitment and retention of faculty committed to scholarship, research, mentorship and education related to those who have traditionally been underrepresented in academia. EDI has compiled the follow resource pages to assist students, faculty, and staff during difficult times. IVP Chang announces the recipients of the 2023–2024 EDI Student Leadership Award to the UCLA Community. We work with the UCLA community and partners to advance EDI through four pillars that aim to intentionally incorporate our values into UCLA’s mission, priorities and culture: 1) Accountability, 2) Education, 3) Engagement, and 4) Inclusive Leadership. On December 6, 2023, AVC for Civil Rights Chandra Bhatnagar and Title IX Director Mohammed Cato issued a biannual reminder for all UCLA employees, including student employees, of the duty to report allegations of discrimination and/or harassment based on all protected categories as well as sexual violence and sexual harassment. What is the Title IX Alternative Resolution process, and how does it work? We break down the process on the following resource page. Learn More About the Alternative Resolution Process The UCLA Faculty Search Process plays a critical role in our ability to successfully recruit the best talent and to realize our collective commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. To ensure that Search Committee members are adequately prepared for this important work, this webpage features links to various policies (including updated 2022 UCLA Faculty Search Process Policy Memorandum), regulations and research-based best practices to help you navigate the process. The General Campus Faculty Demographics Dashboard provides 5 years of data on the gender and racial/ethnic composition of UCLA faculty (Senate and non-Senate). Users have the option to filter the data by School/Division, Department, Academic Series, and Title.   The Non-Academic Staff Demographics Dashboard provides 10 years of data on the gender and racial/ethnic composition of non-academic staff at UCLA. Data are presented as headcounts and FTE (full-time equivalents) counts. Users have the option to filter by Year, Personnel Subcategory, School/Organizational Unit, and Department.  Student Enrollments charts and data tables reflect the declared majors of enrolled students at the end of the third week of a term. Enrollments are reported as fall term snapshots and three-quarter averages (averaged across fall, winter, and spring quarters of an academic year).  Undergraduate Admissions charts and data tables provide information on freshman and transfer applicants, admits, and enrollees.  The Leadership Demographics Dashboard provides 9 years of data on the gender and racial/ethnic composition of UCLA Department Chairs, Deans, and Senior Administrators.   Student Enrollments charts and data tables reflect the declared majors of enrolled students at the end of the third week of a term. Enrollments are reported as fall term snapshots and three-quarter averages (averaged across fall, winter, and spring quarters of an academic year).  Undergraduate Admissions charts and data tables provide information on freshman and transfer applicants, admits, and enrollees.  The Leadership Demographics Dashboard provides 11 years of data on the gender and racial/ethnic composition of UCLA Department Chairs, Deans, and Senior Administrators.   The Non-Academic Staff Demographics Dashboard provides 10 years of data on the gender and racial/ethnic composition of non-academic staff at UCLA. Data are presented as headcounts and FTE (full-time equivalents) counts. Users have the option to filter by Year, Personnel Subcategory, School/Organizational Unit, and Department.  The General Campus Faculty Demographics Dashboard provides 5 years of data on the gender and racial/ethnic composition of UCLA faculty (Senate and non-Senate). Users have the option to filter the data by School/Division, Department, Academic Series, and Title.  