The way we see it, the world is just too big to be bound by narrow perspectives. In an intellectually vibrant place like UC Davis, creativity connects ideas from the obvious to the outlandish. The most comprehensive solutions come from the most diverse minds. UC Davis is known for the upward social mobility it provides. Among public universities, the campus ranks third in the nation for how well it sets its graduates up for financial success. Building a culture of inclusion and opportunity takes real effort. The leaders and volunteers of our many student organizations work year-round to help undergraduates find their footing, their voice and each other. 

Below, you’ll read about people who overcame obstacles and led the way for others. Maybe you read that and think to yourself, “I couldn’t do that.” But nobody reaches such levels of achievement alone. Aggies are competitive, but we also want each other to succeed. Whether you receive help, offer help or both, you’ve got a great big role to play here at UC Davis. Global citizen Abdallah Hashem (Electrical Engineering, Senior, Egypt and Dubai) fulfills a childhood dream, growing his passion for advanced circuits while championing sustainability as part of a student satellite team and solar industry internship. Texas original Nate Walker (Biological Sciences, Senior, Dallas, Texas) forms a UC Davis family through residence hall bonds established during his first year, while dodging foam darts with Nerf Club friends and finding mentors at UC Davis. Arts-inspired transfer student Mary-Ann Myers (Studio Art, Senior, Vallejo, California) returns to school as a reentry student, connecting with Native American communities on campus and giving back through her job at the Transfer and Reentry Center. Genetic researcher and student ambassador Jeremy Brown (Genetics and Genomics, Junior, Redding, California) speaks about the people and programs at the College of Biological Sciences that helped him thrive一and even graduate early. City girl studying the natural world Gabby Ricks (Animal Sciences, Freshman, Oakland, California) walks us through the horse barn at the College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences and talks about her dream of becoming a zoo veterinarian. Twin power activists Vanessa and Victoria Liera (Electrical Engineering, Juniors, Panorama City, California) share their experiences as Latinx women in the College of Engineering and founding COFFEE, the Club Of Future Female Electrical Engineers.  Former Surgeon General of California Chancellor, Los Angeles Community College District 42nd Treasurer of the United States   The Strategic Asian and Pacific Islander Retention Initiative (SAandPIRI) promotes academic excellence, connectedness, and empowering leadership for all students.  The Center for African Diaspora Student Success (CADSS) is a space for African and African American students to engage together in all aspects of life on campus. CADSS provides tools and resources that support students' developmental transformation, empowering them to maximize their potential and positively impact the UC Davis campus.  The Center for Chicanx and Latinx Academic Student Success provides scholastic, social and personal support in a welcoming space where students can learn academic strategies, discover leadership and career development opportunities and explore employment prospects.  The purpose of the LGBTQIA Resource Center is to provide an open, safe, inclusive space and community that promotes education and self-exploration for all sexes, genders and sexualities and their intersections with other identities. All are welcomed and celebrated.  The NAASSC promotes a sense of belonging for Native American students and connects them with resources to enhance academic success. Its community includes students, staff, faculty and alumni from diverse tribal backgrounds, experiences and interests.  The Veterans Success Center serves student veterans, service members and dependents of the Armed Services. It fosters academic excellence of the whole student while creating an environment of learning, networking, engagement, diversity and inclusion. We should take a moment to acknowledge the land on which UC Davis is located. For thousands of years, this land has been the home of Patwin people. Today, there are three federally recognized Patwin tribes: Cachil DeHe Band of Wintun Indians of the Colusa Indian Community, Kletsel Dehe Wintun Nation, and Yocha Dehe Wintun Nation. The Patwin people have remained committed to the stewardship of this land over many centuries. It has been cherished and protected, as elders have instructed the young through generations. We are honored and grateful to be here today on their traditional lands. University of California, Davis, One Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616 | 530-752-1011 Copyright © The Regents of the University of California, Davis campus. All rights reserved.