We provide leadership and accountability to resolve systemic inequities through engaged research, teaching, and public service, and by expanding pathways for access and success. Our programs and services support all UC Berkeley constituencies, as well as building connections with a broad range of K-12 schools, community colleges, and external partners. We monitor and assess diversity and inclusion with regular reports on campus representation, campus climate, and campus progress. Read, Watch, Listen, Engage is a space where students, staff, and faculty can share books, podcasts, conferences, and more on E&I-related topics. We work with and for students, staff, and faculty to integrate equity, inclusion, diversity, belonging, and justice into all aspects of campus life. An annual event dedicated to recognizing and celebrating the unique experiences, achievements, and challenges faced by transfer students. Join for an Info Session on October 23, 2024 at 5:00 PM in Eshleman Hall. October 29, 2024 from 12:00-2:00 PM at Alumni House Each October, we honor Disability Awareness Month, which has a deep-rooted connection to UC Berkeley as a birthplace of the disability rights movement. This month, we honor the rich history, culture, and contributions of Filipinx Americans to the United States. Each October is a way to educate communities about the signs of relationship abuse, spread awareness of resources, uplift survivors, and unite to prevent violence. "Supportal" is a single entry point for all UC Berkeley community members to find support for themselves Fostering a holistic approach to inclusivity, eliminate barriers to access, and support culturally responsive practices for the wellness and success of all community members. Fostering a holistic approach to inclusivity, eliminate barriers to access, and support culturally responsive practices for the wellness and success of all community members. A crucial resource in our ongoing effort to create a more just and inclusive campus environment. A crucial resource in our ongoing effort to create a more just and inclusive campus environment. Documents and resources to support the journey to becoming an anti-racist campus. Documents and resources to support the journey to becoming an anti-racist campus. This series fosters a profound grasp of and action against oppression, nurturing transformative practitioners committed to community values, equality, and social justice. This series fosters a profound grasp of and action against oppression, nurturing transformative practitioners committed to community values, equality, and social justice. Vice Chancellor Dania Matos held listening sessions during to learn more and hear how students, staff, and faculty experience the campus. Vice Chancellor Dania Matos held listening sessions during to learn more and hear how students, staff, and faculty experience the campus. Report an issue UC Berkeley sits on the territory of xučyun (Huichin), the ancestral and unceded land of the Chochenyo speaking Ohlone people, the successors of the sovereign Verona Band of Alameda County. Division of Equity and InclusionCalifornia HallUniversity of California, Berkeley 94720-1508xučyun⎮Huichin, unceded Ohlone Landvcei@berkeley.edu Back to Top