BCI, or Brandeis Camp Institute, is an organization that hosts transformative experiences where Jewish and Jew-ishparticipants, ages 18-29, come together for multi-day retreats in Southern California. Young people from around the world meet on our idyllic campus to connect with each other and reconnect with themselves.  “I learned that my identity as a nonbinary individual does not clash with my identity as a Jew. Rather, the two complement each other and integrate with each other in such profound ways. I am very proud of myself for overcoming my challenges of stepping out of my comfort zone and reconnecting with my faith, both of which I feel I accomplished this summer at BCI.”  “Yes! I had the chance to be myself without any filter: Zionist and pro-Palestinian, queer, and Jewish. I’d never felt so accepted in my life and that’s thanks to all the amazing staff.”  “I feel more like myself here than I have in a long time. My confidence has grown. It has been so amazing to feel 110% supported by the staff and other participants and it has allowed me to step out of my comfort zone in a supported way.”  BCI’s 26-day program is a transformative experience comprised of Jewish learning, arts, culture, and community. Each summer Jewish and Jew-ishparticipants in their 20s from around the world gather for a multi-day retreat on our idyllic campus to discover who they are meant to be. Step out of your comfort zone and find your creative voice. 2025 Retreat dates:July 1 – 27 Program Cost: $1000 Apply by March 31st, 2025 for the Early Bird rate of $750. Significant scholarships available. BCI’s new 10-day experience was created exclusively for Jewish and Jew-ishcollege students. Each day includes Jewish learning, time in nature, expression through the arts, and self-care. College credit is available. 2025 Retreat dates:TBD Program Cost:Due to the generosity of our supporters, BCI is able to offer the 10-Day BCI Experience on a sliding scale of $400 — $3,000. Find out moreabout tuition here. Every Summer, BCI hosts our programs at the idyllic Brandeis-Bardin Campus of American Jewish University. Located in the hills of Simi Valley, just North of Los Angeles, the campus is known for its captivating architecture, the natural landscape, and its inspiring environment for artistic exploration and community engagement. All year, the Brandeis-Bardin Campus welcomes diverse programs focused on Jewish learning, creativity, and social responsibility. BCI is committed to making everyone feel at home and ensuring a comfortable experience for everyone. English proficiency is required as the program aims to foster an inclusive community dialogue. Dr. Shlomo Bardin, with the support of Louis D. Brandeis, established the Brandeis Camp Institute (BCI) in 1941. BCI, named after the first Jewish United States Supreme Court Justice, was not just another Jewish institution. It was a unique ‘laboratory for living Judaism’—a place where the exploration and practice of Judaism took on a new, innovative form. In 1947, BCI’s next chapter began with purchasing 2,200 acres of land outside Simi Valley, California. Dr. Bardin noted that the land bore a striking resemblance to the hills outside Jerusalem. In 2009, the Marilyn and Sigi Ziering family, recognizing the institute’s growth and potential, endowed BCI to become the Marilyn and Sigi Ziering Brandeis Collegiate Institute.  BCI is led byRabbi Myra Meskin. Rabbi Myra holds a Masters in Experiential Jewish Education and also serves as the Associate Director of the Maas Center. Beyond her professional pursuits, she enjoys yoga, hiking, singing, and has a unique love for coffee-flavored foods. She lives in Los Angeles with her husband, Rabbi Ben Gurin, and their daughters, Eleanor and Jaynie. Get in touch with Rabbi Myra atRabbiMyra@aju.edu.    Do Jewish with Maas. Find out how in our monthly newsletter. © 2024 Copyright. All rights reserved.