Student Resources  The Center for Leadership, Equity, and Excellence is the hub of student activities on campus. The center plans co-curricular options to engage students in campus life, provides resources that help students grow, and inspires students to effect change. The center empowers students to become positive change makers through inclusive leadership and social justice opportunities. The center works closely with students who are interested in creating or joining clubs. Students organize clubs around academics, recreational activities, professions, the arts, affinity groups, spirituality, social interests, and more. The annual Club and Community Action Fair, where campus clubs and local organizations table on the meadow, is an excellent opportunity to check out ways for students to get involved outside the classroom. See a samplestudent club roster. Throughout the academic year, the center organizes and co-sponsors an engaging mix of activities, ranging from social events to skill-building workshops. Any student—whether they are affiliated with a club or student organization or not—can plan events. To support these student leaders, the center offers guidance in how to develop and execute a successful event plan. The center facilitates opportunities for holistic leadership development at every stage of a student’s journey. Students can apply these skills to their personal lives, academics, professional work, and community advocacy. The center’s staff members serve as advisors to theAssociated Students of Mills Collegeto support student government and act as coordinators for all clubs and organizations. To support community building on campus, the center manages lounge spaces for student affinity groups in Rothwell Center. Refer to thecampus map(PDF) for specific locations. * = Requires key access. Rothwell Center510.430.3151oaklandclee@northeastern.edu 5000 MacArthur BoulevardOakland, CA 94613510.430.2255   We use cookies to improve your experience on our sites. By continuing to use our sites, you agree to ourPrivacy Statement.