One campus. Many voices. In keeping with its core values, Occidental is among the most diverse liberal arts colleges in the United States. Nearly half of our students self-identify as domestic students of color or international. We welcome first-generation students and veterans, and have been rated as one of the most economically diverse colleges. Inspired and enhanced by the diversity ofLos Angeles, our community aims to engage and reflect the rich cultural and social resources of our hometown. We believe that a college education is enhanced by social and intellectual interactions between people from a broad range of backgrounds. To that end, our community affords an invaluable experiential learning environment, one that will serve you now as well as in your future life and career. Ourfacultyand our curriculum embody a commitment to equity, inclusion and social justice. This allows students to develop their capacity to learn from and about difference, to understand inequality and to apply these values in the wider world. At Oxy, we challenge each other to be more accepting and respectful, and to develop a better understanding of our world by learning from others. We’re guided by the shared aspirations of social justice, cultural competence and engaged citizenship. From a network ofstudent clubsandmulticultural living communities, Oxy is a place for nuanced discussions about our differences, our similarities, and where we should go from here. Occidental’s mission is grounded in the inextricably linked values of diversity and excellence, and our commitment to maintaining a diverse and distinguished student body is unchanging. Shared by President Elam in March 2021, the agenda outlines a series of initiatives to support the College’s goal to develop and maintain an educational environment in which all students, staff and faculty are welcomed and valued. 1600 Campus Road Los Angeles, California 90041 (323) 259-2500 © Copyright 2024. Occidental College. All Rights Reserved.