Welcome to the Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. We lead the charge in shaping a university culture that recognizes diversity, equity, and inclusion as fundamental pillars of our mission and ongoing pursuit of excellence. Our commitment to educational equity drives us to cultivate a vibrant learning and working environment that embraces and supports every member. Collaborating closely with stakeholders across the university, we prioritize policy and decision-making that demonstrates awareness of, and responsiveness to, the ways socio-cultural forces related to race, gender, ability, sexuality, and socio-economic status impede or propel students, faculty and staff. Together, we're building a university that reflects the richness of our collective experiences and perspectives.  During this pivotal time in higher education, President Christopher Callahan is guiding University of the Pacific to become a model antiracist university and a national leader on diversity, equity and inclusion in higher education. In 2020 the Board of Regents adopted a Policy Statement on Social Justice, signaling their commitment to combat systemic racism, followed by President Callahan's DEI action plan calling for the establishment of a new Vice President for DEI. Mary Lomax-Ghirarduzzi joined Pacific in July 2021 as the inaugural vice president for diversity, equity and inclusion. She is a nationally recognized thought leader and scholar on race, equity, leadership, and diversity in higher education. In 2022, the Board of Regents affirmed DEI priorities aligned with Pacific's mission. These priorities are distributed across committees and assigned specific oversight responsibilities. Pacific is proud to be a minority-serving institution where students traditionally underrepresented in higher education receive the opportunities and resources they need to reach their educational and professional goals. Pacific's three campuses foster a vibrant, supportive and welcoming community that celebrates the many definitions of diversity in our student body and community. On the Stockton Campus, the Center for Identity and Inclusion (CII) is home to El Centro, Native American Student Services, Black Student Services, Asian, Pacific Islander and Desi Student Services, LGBTQ+ Resource Center and the Lactation Lounge. CII spaces serve as a home away from home for students who live on and off campus. The Sacramento Campus Center for Inclusion and Diversity (CID) is a drop-in space located upstairs in the Student Center. The Center is open to all students and is staffed by peer volunteers. The San Francisco Campus, home to the Arthur A. Dugoni School of Dentistry, values inclusiveness in learning, patient care, curricular and co-curricular programming, campus climate, recruitment, admissions, hiring and retention. Comprised of approximately 40 faculty, staff and students, this committee is a collaborative partner in creating and sustaining a university-wide culture that consistently reflects diversity, equity and inclusion as a core value. The committee also sponsors the Champions of Diversity Awards and helps fund campus DEI work with grants. Embedded within each academic and administrative office are faculty and staff members who are responsible for leading DEI work in their unit.  The Division of Student Life works hard to ensure all Pacific students flourish and succeed. We pledge to create inclusive living and social spaces and provide thoughtful, informed support and guidance to all students. The Center for Identity and Inclusion, located in the McCaffrey Center, is dedicated to delivering impactful educational opportunities that engage all members of the university community, foster intercultural dialogue and promote identity development. University of the Pacific’s DEI Framework of Excellence is an institutional blueprint for DEI in higher education. Designed by Vice President Mary Lomax-Ghirarduzzi, this transformative framework is designed to integrate DEI into all aspects of campus life and operations. Dr. Mary J. Lomax-Ghirarduzzi is the inaugural vice president for diversity, equity and inclusion and chief diversity officer at University of the Pacific. Lomax-Ghirarduzzi has an extraordinary record of DEI leadership and is a leading national voice in higher education on diversity, equity and inclusion issues. Mary Lomax-Ghirarduzzi Vice President for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion View Profile Wanda Wright Executive Assistant View Profile Nick Franco Director of DEI Education and Bias Prevention View Profile Qingwen Dong Professor, DEI Research Fellow View Profile Misael Alvarado Orozco Business Advisor View Profile As we consider how best to support our Native American students and community members and acknowledge the original inhabitants of this land, Native American and Indigenous Pacificans will guide this critical endeavor. Our work is to humbly begin to understand what amodelland acknowledgement entails, and build a Native American student success and cultural initiative. This restorative work is more than a land acknowledgment alone and must be handled with care. Should you have any questions, please contact the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion atdei@pacific.edu. Pacific is committed to fostering a diverse and respectful campus community. Embracing the richness of our diversity, we celebrate differences and work to create an accessible and inclusive environment across our three campuses. Stockton Campus3601 Pacific Ave.Stockton, CA 95211Admissions: 209.946.2211 Sacramento Campus3200 Fifth Ave.Sacramento, CA 95817Admissions: 916.739.7105 San Francisco Campus155 Fifth St.San Francisco, CA 94103Admissions: 415.929.6491