Simpson University A Christ-centered learning community  Simpson University, as a Christ-centered learning community, values each person as a unique and gifted child of God, made in His image and called to live as Jesus lived. SU, following the example of Christ, is committed to working to establish the Kingdom of God for every tongue, tribe, people and nation. All are called by Him to participate together in a grace-filled community. In valuing diversity, SU encourages each individual to develop his or her own unique gifts, talents, and strengths that will enrich the Simpson community through dialogue, celebration, and peacemaking leading to restored relationships. SU strives to create a culture of common understanding where diversity is valued. Through the perspectives of each race, sex, ethnicity, culture, socioeconomic status, class, age, and ability, SU is intentionally committed to building an environment that is welcoming and honoring of all where learning is maximized through understanding and acceptance to create excellence in education. For these reasons, SU commits to do the following: SU does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, ethnic group identification, sex, age or physical or mental disability. However, as a private religious institution, the University reserves the right to exercise preference on the basis of religion in all of its employment practices and student admissions. The Bible embodies an overarching narrative that shows God’s love for and commitment to his creation, which he created to be diverse.  Yet biblical authors have diagnosed our world as filled with morally flawed humans, whose relationships and institutions are equally flawed.  We have only to reflect on our own experience, read history, or consult local and global news sources to confirm this assessment. Our thoughts and actions are characterized by estrangement from God and from our fellow-humans; attempts to seek advantage and control at the expense of others; fear and distrust of what we perceive as different; and attempts to blame others to compensate for our own inadequacies(Gen 3:7-13; Gen 27-44; Ecc 4:1, 4; Isa 58-59; James 4:1-4).  As a result, society is characterized by pervasive injustice and violence to those whom we perceive as different from us—typically, in gender, race, class, age, sexual orientation, and socio-political affiliations. The biblical authors argue that God will not abandon this flawed creation, but will radically transform and restore it through Christ.  Furthermore, he has summoned us to partner with him and share his commitment to this restoration(Isa 11; 49:6; Matt 5:9; Luke 19:10; Acts 13:47; 2 Cor 5:18-20; Gal 3:28; Col 1:13-20; Rev 5:9-10). Our response as followers of Christ should be both honest and hopeful. We desire: In alignment with theSimpson University diversity statement, the purpose of the Diversity Committee is to educate the campus about the importance of diversity, inclusivity, and cultural sensitivity. We aim to facilitate, plan and support initiatives designed to enhance diversity of the campus while gathering and interpreting information regarding the overall campus climate with respect to diversity. The Diversity Committee reports to thePresident’s Cabinetregarding initiatives, plans and climate of the campus. Simpson University faculty, staff and students make up the members of the Diversity Committee, which is chaired by a faculty representative, appointed by the President. Additional non-employee members participate as advisors to help give voice and support to issues faced by our students and community. The Diversity Committee is committed to helping to facilitate events and programs on campus that spread education, inclusion and healing on the issues regarding diversity. If you have an event or idea that you would like us to partner with, pleasecontact us. Additionally, there are many community and campus resources that we can connect you to if you have specific concerns or questions. Step into your future! Visit our breathtaking campus in person and witness the beauty that awaits you. Schedule your visit today. Curious minds, inquire within! Discover more about Simpson University—your gateway to knowledge, community, and endless possibilities. Request info now! Seize the opportunity! Apply to Simpson University today, where dreams take flight. Plus, did we mention the application is completely FREE?  Your future starts here! 2211 College View Drive ReddingCA 96003 Donate Simpson University admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. Copyright © 2024 · Simpson University