Skip to Content Current Students Alumni Families Neighbors Faculty Staff Businesses diversity-util Interested in more?Search Courses diversity-util Overcoming barriers in diversity, equity and inclusion is not easy work. It is also not quickly achieved. Our progress at DU has not been stymied by a lack of passion, interest or commitment. Individuals and groups across campus have made real change, but this change has occurred largely in pockets and has failed, in some cases, to reach the people who need it most.  The reasons for this are complex, and we are now pivoting to better identify leadership, take action, and increase accountability and consistency. We have gathered all of the gift funds that support our DU community members in the effort to create a more inclusive DU. Give Now The University of Denver is its people—all its people. We aim to attract bright and motivated students and give them every opportunity to thrive. We rely on engaged faculty who are passionate about their teaching and their scholarship. We depend on talented staff to support the operation and mission of the University. In an organization so reliant on its people, creating a diverse and inclusive community isn’t only the right thing to do; it’s critical to the successful implementation of our mission. The greatest challenges facing us in the century ahead are incredibly complex and will require diverse teams who can work collaboratively and innovatively. Actively seeking a student body and a faculty and staff who represent the diversity of our region, nation and world is necessary to prepare our students for an increasingly globalized and connected world. That diversity extends to identities beyond just race and gender—including sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, socioeconomic status, religion, political and ideological viewpoints, and more. In 2006, the chancellor and provost asked the University’s senior leadership to embrace Inclusive Excellence and to begin working in conjunction with ourCultural Center,campus leaders,the Office of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, and every member of the University community to realize this vision at DU. We have made significant progress in recent years, thanks to the critical efforts of faculty, staff, students and administrators. We have better integrated a culture of Inclusive Excellence in our processes, systems, mission statements and other structures. But we have more work to do—work that is the responsibility of everyone in our community and that the University’s leadership recognizes remains critically important to everything we do. As the University of Denver prepares to meet the exciting challenges of the growing, thriving and remarkably diverse city in which we live as well as the needs of a changing nation, we will continue to be guided by the principles of Inclusive Excellence. We must continue to strive for an inclusive community that embraces all its members, provides equality of opportunity for all and actively encourages all voices to be heard. Everyone must be welcomed and treated with dignity and respect, and every person’s story must be honored. An inclusive community celebrates different cultures, engages in clamorous debates and cultivates the individual and collective flourishing of all of us. The Division of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) is committed to providing leadership, guidance, and resources in support of the University of Denver’s commitment to building a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive institution. Learn More Student Affairs and Inclusive Excellence (SAIE) is committed to providing students with the support and skills needed to become empowered citizens that positively impact the communities they are a part of, now, and in the future. Learn More Human Resources and Inclusive Communities (HRIC) is committed to upholding DU's reputation as a global leader in academics and research that serves the public good. As a strategic partner of the University community, we provide leading HR services and programs to attract, inspire and sustain excellence in our community. Learn More When Dan Wu arrived in Colorado in January, all she could do was smile.

Yes, the Chinese national was excited to be at the University of Denver, studying at its English Language Ce... Learn More The University of Denver is committed to living our values of diversity and inclusion. We recognize that our community and institutional success is dependent on how well we engage a... Learn More Visit the Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Visit Student Affairs and Inclusive Excellence Visit Human Resources and Inclusive Community Footer Menu Copyright ©2024 University of Denver. | All rights reserved. | The University of Denver is an equal opportunity affirmative action institution We accept the Common App, a universal application that can be sent to many schools. First-Year StudentsTransfer Students All Students  Go to the graduate admission application to submit your information. For information on admission requirements, visit the graduate academic programs page and locate your program of interest. Graduate Application Graduate Academic Programs Go to the graduate admission application to submit your information. For information on admission requirements, visit the graduate academic programs page and locate your program of interest. Graduate Application Graduate Academic Programs Contact Undergraduate Admission Request Info Request Graduate Program Information Request Info We accept the Common App, a universal application that can be sent to many schools. First-Year StudentsTransfer Students All Students  × View our visit options and schedule your trip to DU. Schedule a Visit Find your graduate program representative and schedule a visit. Schedule a Visit Centers for Disease Control & Prevention Colorado Department of Health & Environment Kaiser Permanente DU's Health & Counseling Center