Metropolitan State University of Denver seeks to promote an inclusive community of learners, an awareness and appreciation of diverse perspectives and identities, and the establishment of policies, practices, programs, and resources designed to embrace and enhance diversity, equity, and inclusion at MSU Denver. Diversity is one of the core values of the university and one of the pillars of the university’s Strategic Plan. The Office of Diversity and Inclusion’s goal is to support and promote diversity, equity, and inclusion in all aspects of campus life through the development of initiatives that advance MSU Denver’s stated goal of becoming an anti-racist institution. Diversityat MSU Denver encompasses all the characteristics that make one individual or group different and recognizes the value of everyone and every group as part of an inclusive community of belonging. Differences can include but are not limited to culture, race,ethnicity, color, national origin, language, sex, physical appearance, pregnancy, marital/partner status, age, (dis)ability, neurodiversity, creed, religious or spiritual beliefs, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, class, education, gender identity/expression, veteran status, political affiliation, political philosophy, and more.  We recognize that these differences can be visible or invisible. 3 p.m. October 16-17, 2023 Richard T. and Virginia M. Castro Distinguished Visiting Professorship January 12, 2024 MLK Peace Breakfast March 10-12, 2024 Noel Professorship If you are looking for other ways to engage with other employees with shared affinities, the university has a number of related groups and other ways to get involved. Continuing the 12-year initiative that resulted in MSU Denver’s HSI designation in February 2019 Funding awarded to faculty and staff of MSU Denver that advance the Diversity Strategic Plan goals and objectives. Beyond the Office of Diversity, equity, and Inclusion, there are many places that you can engage with Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Bringing together faculty, staff, and students to advance our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion Supporting students’ sense of belonging in college and affirms their identities by building community Africana and Chicana/o Studies and GITA have been leaders connecting DEI to curriculum at MSU Denver for years If you have any questions, comments, or concerns related to equity, diversity or inclusion. Jordan Student Success Building (JSSB) 440890 Auraria ParkwayDenver, CO 80204 P.O. Box 173362Campus Box 1Denver, CO 80217-3362 Ready to find out what MSU Denver can do for you? We’ve got you covered. 200+ undergraduate, graduate, and non-degree customizable paths to choose from. Wherever you’re heading, your road begins here. Let’s go. Relevant. Essential. Denver. Delivered to your inbox, for free, every two weeks. Subscribe to RED news