Come find your people! Create a sense of mattering and belonging by connecting with others who are similar – or different –thanyou! Engage inyour studies, but also get involved with othersat MSU Denver through clubs, student organizations, and affinity groups. Theopportunities for involvement intheCenter forMulticulturalEngagement &Inclusion are open to all interested studentsand offer more than 85 options includingFraternityandSororityGreek Life,Met Media,Student Government, and countless student clubs,organizationsand initiatives. Our other identity-based areas include theCollege Assistance Migrant Program, Epic Scholars,Immigrant ServicesProgram,LGBTQ Student Resource Center, Native & Indigenous Student Support, TRIO Student Support Services, TRIO High School Upward BoundProgram, and Veteran & Military Student Services.Goahead – getconnectedwith others on campus. Gender-inclusive restrooms provide a safe, private facility for transgender, genderqueer, and gender non-conforming people, families with children, and people with disabilities who may needassistance.Find Gender-Inclusive Restrooms Lactating and/orchestfeeding/bodyfeedingstudents, employees and visitors may need a private space to express milk from their body (typically using a manual or electric pump when a baby is not feeding directly from a parent’s body). While the frequency of need to do so varies, some may need to express milk every two to three hours. As such, having access toan appropriate spaceon campus to do so is important so that these students, employees, and visitors can fullyparticipatein academic and co-curricular experiences when they need to be on campus for longer periods of time. Without adequate space to express milk, both lactating people and babies can suffer health-related consequences. Likewise, some parents may prefer a private space to feed their baby while on campus and so lactation spaces can serve this purpose too; however, it is important to note that parents have a right to feed their baby in any space that they occupy (not a requirement to feed in designated lactation spaces).Find Lactation Spaces Reflection spaces aredesignatedfor prayer,reflectionand meditation for all members of the MSU Denver community.Without advocating or endorsing anyparticular religionor belief system, a reflection space provides a dedicated, comfortable space for individual or communal worship, or simple reflection during the day.Find Reflection Spaces MSU Denver acknowledges the indigenous people and land of Auraria and the broader Denver area and the labor of enslaved and exploited people that built the country. We honor and acknowledge that we are on the traditional territories and ancestral homelands of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Nations. We acknowledge the land and history of this space we are fortunate to gather in today. This area was also the site of trade, hunting, gathering, and healing for many other Native Nations: The Lakota, Ute, Kiowa, Comanche, Apache, Shoshone, and others. 48 Tribes have called this land home. We recognize the Indigenous peoples as the original stewards of the land, water, plants, and animals who called this place home. Let us also acknowledge the painful history of genocide and forced removal from this territory. We recognize that U.S. public policy has been used to displace Indigenous communities, erode Tribal Nation sovereignty, and forcibly assimilate Native individuals into U.S. society. We respect the many diverse Indigenous peoples still connected to this land on which we gather. We pay our respect to them and give thanks to all Tribal Nations and the ancestors of this place. We also acknowledge the labor of enslaved Africans and their descendants who worked this stolen land for the colonists, and who continue to disproportionately face economic oppression, racism, violence, and exploitation. Lastly, we want to recognize the communities and families of Auraria displaced by the creation of this campus for MSU Denver to have a place that we now call home. We share this acknowledgment to encourage all of us here on the Auraria campus to consider how our work in this space and in our daily lives can address these historic and contemporary atrocities perpetuated against Native people and other marginalized communities. Ready to find out what MSU Denver can do for you? We’ve got you covered. 200+ undergraduate, graduate, and non-degree customizable paths to choose from. Wherever you’re heading, your road begins here. Let’s go. Relevant. Essential. Denver. Delivered to your inbox, for free, every two weeks. Subscribe to RED news