At Colorado State University Pueblo, diversity is more than a symbolic gesture. We value and embrace people from all walks of life and are committed to the academic success of each student. The Center for International Programs and Inclusive Excellence(The Center) helps stimulate, promote, and support a welcoming environment for underrepresented students, faculty, and staff. We will positively impact our campus community by facilitating a shared learning experience that help our campus to engage in dialogue, challenge barriers, and build collaborative relationships. At Colorado State University Pueblo, diversity is more than a symbolic gesture. We value and embrace students from all identities are committed to the academic success of each student. The University is committed to building a community on and off campus that is supportive and that respects and welcomes diversity. We understand that diversity and inclusion is a critical element necessary to develop an intellectual community characteristic of diverse ideals, beliefs, backgrounds, political conviction, religious belief, gender identity and sexual preference, race and ethnicity, and so much more. As a University we seek to improve campus climate by positively impacting our campus community through the facilitation of a shared learning experience that engage our campus in dialogue, challenge barriers, build collaborative relationships, and provide educational opportunities. Which enable our campus community to explore all dimensions of diversity and the intersections of identity that they explore. As a Hispanic Serving institution (HSI) Colorado State University Pueblo will produce an environment to develop positive, challenging, inclusive leaders who have a global understanding of multiculturalism and who are accountable to our society as a whole. Request more information about our degree programs, activities, sports, application process, and more! Request Information Learn More LOCATION & CONTACT COLLEGES & SCHOOLS RESOURCES CSU SYSTEM