Learn about Western and our community. Explore Western's immersive academic programs. Learn how to become a Mountaineer. See how Western students live and learn. Our vision is to ground the whole of Western in the principle of the inherent worth of all. The foundation of this vision is rooted in the principles of diversity, equity, inclusion, justice plus. Priorities The Office of Inclusivity establishes priorities aligned with Western’s mission, institutional needs, and strategic plan. Our current priorities are to: ProjectsWith courage, growth, inclusivity, integrity, and stewardship at the forefront, the Office of Inclusivity engages in projects to advance the mission of the university. Fiscal year 2023 projects: The Division for Justice & Inclusion includes three offices and three centers. The Office of Inclusivity, Equal Employment Opportunity & Affirmative Action Office, Restorative Justice & Title IX Office, Multicultural Center, Center for Civil Rights, and the Center for Dis/Ability & Accommodations. Each area provides a unique scope that supports the advancement of justice and inclusivity at Western. The Center for Civil Rights holds both the Equal Employment Opportunity & Affirmative Action Office as well as the Restorative Justice & Title IX Office. Through its work, the Center for Civil Rights is taking measures to diversify Western’s workforce and student body while ensuring the civil rights of all members of the mountaineer community are protected. The Center for Dis/Ability & Accommodations is committed to helping students with diverse abilities thrive in their academic and personal environments at Western. The Center works with students on a case-by-case basis to create individually-tailored plans that provide them with the resources they need to excel and offers guidance on the legal, personal, and academic considerations they may need to take into account as students with diverse abilities. The Center places a special focus on empathy, encouragement, and growth, making it a place where students feel empowered as learners and members of the Western community. Western’s Multicultural Center (MCC) is an on-campus space where all students are welcome and are encouraged to celebrate cultural and ethnic diversity and learn from the perspectives of their peers. In addition, the MCC houses four diversity-focused, student-run clubs: Amigos, Asian Pacific Islanders Club, Black Student Alliance Native American Student Council, and Polynesian Dance and Chant Club. 970.943.2232 inclusivity@western.edu 8 a.m. - 5 p.m., M-F Taylor Hall 301 We understand that applying to a university can be daunting, which is why we make our admission process as simple and straightforward as possible. Learn more about applying to your program of choice at Western. The best way to find out what makes Western such a special place is to experience it for yourself. Our
student-led tours give you an insider’s perspective on everything from academics to student life. We keep the Mountaineer spirit going strong within our alumni community. Whether getting together with friends at an annual event, making a donation or mentoring a student, graduates continue to play an important role in the Western community. Want to discover more about Western? Request information today to get in touch with the admissions team. 1 Western WayGunnison, CO 81231 970.943.2119admissions@western.edu 970.943.3085finaid@western.edu