At Quinnipiac, we provide the knowledge and resources you need to make a tangible impact on your chosen field. Through a combination of classroom theory and practical experience designed for you to succeed, you'll experience the life-changing opportunity of working and learning in the community and around the globe. Join us for a campus tour, or attend one of our Open Houses. Speak with an admissions counselor as well as current students — and experience what makes Quinnipiac so special. Choosing to pursue a degree is an investment in your future. We're here to help you find the support and resources to understand your options and make a plan for success. Every part of the student experience is designed with your success in mind. Explore all that we have to offer and discover how we can shape our shared community together. Quinnipiac is a private, coeducational university where students engage in an educational experience that’s both personal and challenging with faculty who care deeply about student outcomes. We offer a diverse range of programs and courses, including our industry-leading dual-degree programs, to approximately 6,000 undergraduate and 2,700 graduate, law and medical students. A Quinnipiac education prepares students for 21st-Century, global careers. Through experiences such as an archaeological dig in Hungary, working in a Congressional press office in Washington, D.C., leading a fundraising effort as part of a student group or interning at Nickelodeon in LA, students are personally and professionally transformed. Your support can ensure that students and professors continue to benefit from the types of experiences that define Quinnipiac. Please try your search again using a different search term. At Quinnipiac, we provide the knowledge and resources you need to make a tangible impact on your chosen field. Through a combination of classroom theory and practical experience designed for you to succeed, you'll experience the life-changing opportunity of working and learning in the community and around the globe. Join us for a campus tour, or attend one of our Open Houses. Speak with an admissions counselor as well as current students — and experience what makes Quinnipiac so special. Choosing to pursue a degree is an investment in your future. We're here to help you find the support and resources to understand your options and make a plan for success. Every part of the student experience is designed with your success in mind. Explore all that we have to offer and discover how we can shape our shared community together. Quinnipiac is a private, coeducational university where students engage in an educational experience that’s both personal and challenging with faculty who care deeply about student outcomes. We offer a diverse range of programs and courses, including our industry-leading dual-degree programs, to approximately 6,000 undergraduate and 2,700 graduate, law and medical students. A Quinnipiac education prepares students for 21st-Century, global careers. Through experiences such as an archaeological dig in Hungary, working in a Congressional press office in Washington, D.C., leading a fundraising effort as part of a student group or interning at Nickelodeon in LA, students are personally and professionally transformed. Your support can ensure that students and professors continue to benefit from the types of experiences that define Quinnipiac. Please try your search again using a different search term. Student Life//Diversity and Inclusion  At Quinnipiac, our mission is to create a diverse and inclusive community where every member is acknowledged, respected and has the necessary resources to thrive, both individually and together. We incorporate inclusive excellence in everything we do to create a globally engaged, culturally rich and highly collaborative campus. We view inclusive excellence as an essential value that defines who we are and where we are headed as the University of the Future. Our policies and programs celebrate differences as sources of strength and empower everyone to embrace who they are and share their experiences, customs and beliefs. Our goal is to foster conversation, exposure and engagement with all people, thoughts and ideas — from all corners of the world. Inclusivity and diversity help our students develop empathy, compassion and appreciation for the differences that make the world a fuller place. They prepare students for life after graduation and for success in a highly competitive, creative and global workforce. Moreover, they develop informed and engaged citizens ready to do their part in creating a more just and equitable world. Percentage of the current first-year class who self-identify as students of color. Percentage of the Class of 2021 who self-identify as first-generation students. In Spring 2021, we introduced the university’s first Equity and Inclusion Report. It tracks a variety of key initiatives that are building a culture of inclusive excellence, reports on the progress we are making, and spotlights the students, faculty and staff who are bringing this important work to life. Fall 2023 report (PDF) Spring 2022 report (PDF) Spring 2021 report (PDF) College is a time to grow socially, develop a global mindset and meet people with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. At Quinnipiac, there are many ways to experience different cultures and customs while being exposed to new ideas and to expand your view of the world. Our cultural, identity and faith-based organizations all create a welcoming environment that invites students of all races, ethnicities, genders and religions to celebrate their beliefs and cultural interests, w hile providing ways to share them with the campus community. Off campus, there are numerous civic engagement and international travel programs for students. These enable students to experience diverse cultures and traditions while working in solidarity alongside members of local communities, other global citizens and our academic partners around the world. We support 18 cultural and identity-based student organizations that are committed to diversity, enhancing student experience at QU and building inclusive spaces for underrepresented populations. Each organization meets regularly and provides opportunities for engagement through programming and other club activities. The Office of Inclusive Excellence promotes and sustains multicultural and global education by mentoring and advising students, facilitating transformative cultural experiences, preparing students to be responsible global citizens and enhancing creative and critical thinking through local and global academic engagement. We help define, enable and foster an inclusive campus culture that embraces the diversity of identities, ideas and values. Part of our mission is to develop responsible, empathetic citizens who are invested in global issues and cultures, as well as opportunities in the international community. Learn more Our goal is to create an environment that reflects, supports and encourages students to celebrate their cultural heritage together. Learn more We are committed to ensuring that all students, faculty and staff are supported and enabled to access the technology, information, programs, services and facilities they need to succeed both in and out of the classroom. Learn more Quinnipiac is proud to be a member of the Age-Friendly University (AFU) Global Network, which consists of 51 institutions of higher education around the world. Each of these institutions has embraced the principles of age-friendliness and is committed to upholding equity and inclusion across their programs and policies. Learn more Quinnipiac is a place where people of any sex or gender have a right to live, work and go to school in a community that is free of discrimination and harassment. Learn more The Lab is intended to provide and cultivate an intellectual environment for scholars from across the university who have demonstrated their commitment to, and interest in, issues of equity, diversity, and inclusion within their curricular and co-curricular approaches. Learn more We are committed to providing an environment free from gender-based discrimination and harassment. Consistent with its commitment to addressing gender-based misconduct, the university complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in educational programs or activities that receive federal financial assistance. Learn more Below you will find forms, resources and policies that have been established to ensure a safe environment for all members of the Quinnipiac community. © 2024 Quinnipiac University. All Rights Reserved. © 2024 Quinnipiac University. All Rights Reserved.