At Quinnipiac, we provide the knowledge and resources you need to make a tangible impact on your chosen field. Through a combination of classroom theory and practical experience designed for you to succeed, you'll experience the life-changing opportunity of working and learning in the community and around the globe. Join us for a campus tour, or attend one of our Open Houses. Speak with an admissions counselor as well as current students — and experience what makes Quinnipiac so special. Choosing to pursue a degree is an investment in your future. We're here to help you find the support and resources to understand your options and make a plan for success. Every part of the student experience is designed with your success in mind. Explore all that we have to offer and discover how we can shape our shared community together. Quinnipiac is a private, coeducational university where students engage in an educational experience that’s both personal and challenging with faculty who care deeply about student outcomes. We offer a diverse range of programs and courses, including our industry-leading dual-degree programs, to approximately 6,000 undergraduate and 2,700 graduate, law and medical students. A Quinnipiac education prepares students for 21st-Century, global careers. Through experiences such as an archaeological dig in Hungary, working in a Congressional press office in Washington, D.C., leading a fundraising effort as part of a student group or interning at Nickelodeon in LA, students are personally and professionally transformed. Your support can ensure that students and professors continue to benefit from the types of experiences that define Quinnipiac. Please try your search again using a different search term. At Quinnipiac, we provide the knowledge and resources you need to make a tangible impact on your chosen field. Through a combination of classroom theory and practical experience designed for you to succeed, you'll experience the life-changing opportunity of working and learning in the community and around the globe. Join us for a campus tour, or attend one of our Open Houses. Speak with an admissions counselor as well as current students — and experience what makes Quinnipiac so special. Choosing to pursue a degree is an investment in your future. We're here to help you find the support and resources to understand your options and make a plan for success. Every part of the student experience is designed with your success in mind. Explore all that we have to offer and discover how we can shape our shared community together. Quinnipiac is a private, coeducational university where students engage in an educational experience that’s both personal and challenging with faculty who care deeply about student outcomes. We offer a diverse range of programs and courses, including our industry-leading dual-degree programs, to approximately 6,000 undergraduate and 2,700 graduate, law and medical students. A Quinnipiac education prepares students for 21st-Century, global careers. Through experiences such as an archaeological dig in Hungary, working in a Congressional press office in Washington, D.C., leading a fundraising effort as part of a student group or interning at Nickelodeon in LA, students are personally and professionally transformed. Your support can ensure that students and professors continue to benefit from the types of experiences that define Quinnipiac. Please try your search again using a different search term. Student Life//Diversity and Inclusion//Our Vision At Quinnipiac University, we believe excellence is inclusive and built upon equity, so all groups feel welcome to fully participate in and contribute to our mission. Achieving this level of excellence requires creating a sense of belonging for all individuals — especially historically marginalized members of society — by affirming the worth, dignity, legitimacy and equality of everyone in the Quinnipiac community and beyond, regardless of race, ethnicity, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, religion, national origin, political viewpoints, veteran status, or socio-economic background. Our university-wide culture is not built on any single program, initiative or action. Rather, it blossoms when guided by heartfelt care for the well-being of fellow community members. This is what inclusive excellence looks like at Quinnipiac: We bring our “whole selves” to our work and study, which means we bring our hearts as well as our minds. We stand for the quest for knowledge, encourage the vigorous exchange of ideas, and foster honest, courageous conversations about sometimes uncomfortable subjects. We aim to always think and act with kindness to create a safe, respectful environment for these dialogues, with particular sensitivity to fellow community members’ individual or collective experiences. Reasoned, academic and rigorous debate requires us to hear viewpoints with which we may disagree. However, those disagreements must not question the worth, dignity, legitimacy and/or equality of our fellow community members. We affirm our belief in the ideals of inclusive excellence as a way to continue nurturing Quinnipiac as a university full of people who care deeply about each other and the communities around us. In Spring 2021, we introduced the university’s first Equity and Inclusion Report. It tracks a variety of key initiatives that are building a culture of inclusive excellence, reports on the progress we are making, and spotlights the students, faculty and staff who are bringing this important work to life. Fall 2023 report (PDF) Spring 2022 report (PDF) Spring 2021 report (PDF) Below you will find forms, resources and policies that have been established to ensure a safe environment for all members of the Quinnipiac community. © 2024 Quinnipiac University. All Rights Reserved. © 2024 Quinnipiac University. All Rights Reserved.