Please try your search again using a different search term. Please try your search again using a different search term. Frank H. Netter MD School of Medicine//Equity, Inclusion and Diversity Designing the overall leadership, vision, and strategy to advance equity and inclusion across our mission areas. Promoting an inclusive culture of belonging. Enhancing the recruitment, success and retention of diverse senior leaders, faculty and staff. Liaising with university leadership and healthcare partners to promote initiatives that foster an inclusive, excellence-driven community. Conducting research and scholarship on key topics. Mentoring students and faculty with an interest in equity, inclusion and diversity. We are an educational institution that values diversity of thought and experience. We are eager to welcome all who wish to join us in this pursuit. We recognize that those students who have persevered despite economic and other challenges have a wealth of transferrable skills that are invaluable to the health care profession. We believe it is a global imperative to educate future physicians who not only treat the communities they serve, but also reflect them. We are committed to having our future physician workforce overcome the painful history of racism and discrimination in medicine. To these ends, we aspire to be a teaching and learning community that celebrates equity, inclusion and diversity. U. S. News & World Report January 23, 2023 In Spring 2021, we introduced the university’s first Equity and Inclusion Report. It tracks a variety of key initiatives that are building a culture of inclusive excellence, reports on the progress we are making, and spotlights the students, faculty and staff who are bringing this important work to life. Fall 2023 report (PDF) Spring 2022 report (PDF) Spring 2021 report (PDF) Below you will find forms, resources and policies that have been established to ensure a safe environment for all members of the Quinnipiac community. We’re always here to help provide additional information and answer any questions you may have. 370 Bassett Rd.North Haven, CT 06473 Keep up to date with the latest information about the School of Medicine. © 2024 Quinnipiac University. All Rights Reserved. © 2024 Quinnipiac University. All Rights Reserved.