At the heart of Georgetown is a commitment to the Jesuit principles of caring for the whole person and being people for others. Inclusivity and diversity are core to supporting a community of people with an intersectional understanding of themselves and the world around them. We’re here to help you accomplish your goals while honoring your identity. Every member of our community deserves to feel a sense of belonging at Georgetown. To foster greater inclusion, Georgetown offers a host of resources and programming across the university to welcome people from all walks of life. Our campus thrives by sharing our extraordinary range of life experiences and learning from our differences. Centers and programs through the Office of Student Equity & Inclusion (OSEI) create an environment that inspires dialogue and sustains our truly diverse community. Learn more about OSEI and its centers and programs below.   Georgetown’s Hoya Saxa Weekend invites admitted high school students who may have less exposure to college to get a taste of campus life on the Hilltop. Georgetown is launching a Disability Cultural Center, an on-campus hub that celebrates disability culture, builds community and provides programming for disabled students, faculty, staff, allies and those interested in learning… As a Catholic, Jesuit university, Georgetown is steadfast in its commitment to cultivate a diverse community and foster interreligious understanding between people of all faith backgrounds.  Rabbi Ilana Zietman joins Georgetown after serving as the senior rabbi at GatherDC for the last five years. Meet the new director for Jewish Life. When I committed to Georgetown, I wondered how my Sikh-American identity would align with the school’s Jesuit identity. And yet, in these two years, I have found community, celebration and… With over 50 years of history of serving first-generation college students of all backgrounds, the Community Scholars Program eases the transition to college for students through preorientation programming, mentoring, workshops and other academic support resources. The Georgetown Scholars Program (GSP) has served low-income and first-generation students for 20 years. The program works with students as they navigate college through mentorship, community and financial support. “I have loved my time at Georgetown, and I have felt so at home there.” “But the Georgetown Scholars Program broke down those barriers. They found me. I was in the GSP office every day. When I was with that community, it felt like Georgetown was built for us.” “The class and the Georgetown Scholars Program helped me realize that I could remove myself from the path I was trying to follow and still be OK. I didn’t need to pretend to be someone I wasn’t.” As Georgetown builds a diverse community on campus, the university is also preparing the next generation of individuals from all backgrounds to thrive. Georgetown University37th and O Streets, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20057P.202-687-0100