Gallaudet University Who We Are Our Work Overview News & Stories Oct 22, 2024 Oct 22, 2024 Oct 17, 2024 Upcoming Events October 23, 2024 October 23, 2024 October 23, 2024 University Wide Events No Communication Compromises Areas of Study Schools Programs Changing the world Research Community & Innovation Research Experiences & Services Our Global Presence Global at Home Global Learning For All Global Engagement Your Journey Starts Here Admissions Financial Aid Explore Our Campus Connect Discover Influence Directories Popular Keywords Gallaudet University Who We Are Our Work Overview News & Stories Oct 22, 2024 Oct 22, 2024 Oct 17, 2024 Upcoming Events October 23, 2024 October 23, 2024 October 23, 2024 University Wide Events No Communication Compromises Areas of Study Schools Programs Changing the world Research Community & Innovation Research Experiences & Services Our Global Presence Global at Home Global Learning For All Global Engagement Your Journey Starts Here Admissions Financial Aid Connect Explore Discover Influence Quick Links GU / About / Belonging & Equity Inclusivity for all Racism has no place at Gallaudet University. Racism dehumanizes our BIPOC community members with audism and other-isms. Gallaudet University recognizes that it is not enough to simply say racism is unacceptable from our community members or on our campus. Therefore, we are taking measurable steps to be anti-racist––actively advocating for racial equity and taking a firm stand against racial inequity. Gallaudet University recognizes that community members are on a continuum of self-awareness, knowledge, and skills related to racial identity development,  emotional intelligence, and the historical and societal implications of race and racism.
 We also recognize that racial bias can be unconscious or unintentional but still causes harm that needs repair. Therefore, all members of our community are expected to act mindfully and intentionally, honoring the humanity of all, treating them with dignity and respect. Gallaudet University continually develops and implements strategies that confront, challenge, and dismantle systemic racism within all departments, divisions, schools, and units. Gallaudet University commits significant resources to anti-racism education, race-based research, and reform. Gallaudet University students, faculty, staff, and board of trustees are obligated to report any actual or alleged instances of racism (2.28 Anti-Discrimination Policy). [Video Start][Video presented in ASL and transcribed to English] Racism has no place at Gallaudet University. Racism dehumanizes racially and ethnically diverse community members. Racism especially denies racially and ethnically diverse community members full access to their humanity. Racism intersects with audism and other -isms. Thus, racism contradicts and is incompatible with Gallaudet University’s mission and values. Gallaudet University recognizes that it is not enough to simply say racism is not acceptable on campus or by University community members; therefore, the University takes measurable steps to be anti-racist––actively advocating for racial equity and taking a firm stand against racial inequity. Gallaudet University recognizes that community members are situated on a continuum of self-awareness, knowledge, and skills related to racial identity development, emotional intelligence, and the historical and societal implications of race and racism. We also recognize that racial bias can be unconscious or unintentional but can still have an impact of harm that needs repair. All members of our community are expected to act mindfully and intentionally, honoring the humanity of all, treating them with dignity and respect. Gallaudet University continually develops and implements strategies that confront, challenge and dismantle systemic racism within all departments, divisions, schools, units and, eventually, broader society. Gallaudet University commits significant resources to anti-racism education, race-based research, and reform. Gallaudet University students, faculty, staff and Board of Trustees members are obligated to report any real or alleged instances of racism (Administration and Operations Manual, Section 2.28, Anti-Discrimination Policy). Gallaudet University is committed to intimately and consistently engaging in anti-racism education and dialogue and developing anti-racism programming that centers on the needs of racially and ethnically diverse groups. As such, Gallaudet University commits to: [Video End] We are grateful for all the students, faculty, advocates, and leaders who have come forward to express their very personal stories of pain and suffering and share their concerns and suggestions. Our six imperatives guide our everyday choices. They set our sights on the future to make a better world and a better Gallaudet. We will continue to listen to and engage black, Indigenous, and people of color (BIPOC) community members, including the student, staff, and faculty organizations at Gallaudet and outside of Gallaudet.  Gallaudet University, chartered in 1864, is a private university for deaf and hard of hearing students. Copyright © 2024 Gallaudet University. All rights reserved. 800 Florida Avenue NE, Washington, D.C. 20002