Eckerd College has an institution-wide plan to promote diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging. Our Office of Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging (DEIB) collaborates with and supports all campus stakeholders as the College strives to strengthen its cultural competence and foster critical conversations that break boundaries, challenge stereotypes and advance understanding across differences. Eckerd College values the individuality of each community member and respects all members and their free expression. We encourage curiosity, global mindedness and developing the intrinsic leadership potential of students, faculty, staff and all members of our community. Eckerd College believes in the educational benefit of critical thinking, open dialogue and civil discourse while looking through the lens of others. We embrace diversity of thought, challenging our own biases and systems of belief for greater understanding and compassionate connections. We seek to provide all members of our community an experience that embraces diversity, cultivates conscientious citizenship and offers a sense of belonging regardless of an individual’s ability, race, gender, religious beliefs, sexuality, age or political affiliation. We believe educational excellence can be achieved only through cultivating diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging. Inclusive excellence focuses on: Achieve a more diverse and inclusive student body, faculty and staff—using strategies to increase or maintain compositional diversity and retention of Eckerd students and employees. Create and sustain an environment that acknowledges and celebrates diversity and employs inclusive practices throughout our daily operations. Accomplish excellence in education and scholarship by offering courses, generating learning and creative opportunities, and designing curricula with attention to inclusion for students, staff, faculty, alumni and community members. Create and sustain an institutional infrastructure that effectively supports progress in achieving diversity objectives in the2021–2026 “ONWARD: Strategy in Action” strategic plan. Use Eckerd’smission as a liberal arts collegeto provide lifelong learning opportunities to members of the local community and marginalized populations. We welcome everyone to use our Center,which opened on May 11, 2023in Lindsey Hall. Anyone who shares this space becomes a steward of it and our vision for an inclusive campus community. We are grateful for the Inclusive Excellence student ambassadors who help manage the Center. Together we are creating a campus where people from diverse racial, ethnic and cultural backgrounds and with diverse identities can exist with equity, feel included and experience belonging. Beverly Warren, Ed.D.Vice President for Inclusive Excellencewarrenba@eckerd.edu St. Petersburg, Florida 33711800.456.9009or727.867.1166 Eckerd College uses cookies to provide you the best experience. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of cookies. For more information, read ourPrivacy Policy. Accept