Promoting a culture of equity, inclusion, access, and belonging At Oglethorpe University, we are committed to fostering inclusion and a sense of belonging for all members of our campus community. We work to craft educational opportunities that minimize inequities, dismantle barriers to participation and access, and continuously develop the essential skills to collaborate effectively across diverse perspectives. We celebrate the distinctive qualities that shape our personal and cultural identities. We view the diversity of our students and employees as an invaluable asset and provide platforms for the community to champion issues that resonate with them. We strive to establish an environment where everyone within our campus community can show up as their authentic selves. As we cultivate connections, we work to advocate for each other’s needs and forge a united community that makes a positive global impact. TheDEI Cabinetleads efforts in inclusive excellence planning across campus. TheInclusive Excellence Committee(formerly the DEI Task Force), which coordinates efforts in diversity strategic planning, campus climate, and community partnerships, represents faculty, staff and students from across campus. We are a proud member ofThe Belong Community, a national network of independent colleges and universities dedicated to fostering inclusive learning environments. Belong is developed by the Council of Independent Colleges (CIC) and the Association of College and University Educators.   [email protected] Note: this email address should be used for general question related to DEI resources and initiatives. Please do not submit complaints or other private personnel issues using this email address. You canreport a concern online here. Facilitating Classroom Conversations As part of our involvement with Belong: An Inclusive Learning Community, all faculty, staff, and administrators are invited to register and attend “Feeling Welcome: Connecting Through Conversations,” on November 6, 2024, from 2:00-3:00 PM EST. This session will focus on how educators can facilitate classroom conversations that incorporate diverse perspectives, guide students in respectful disagreement, and help […] The Three Es of Teaching with AI: Ethics, Equity, and Empowerment As part of our involvement with Belong: An Inclusive Learning Community, all faculty, staff, and administrators were invited to attend The Three Es of Teaching with AI: Ethics, Equity, and Empowerment webinar on September 10th. Key Takeaways from Colleagues: RECORDING OF WEBINAR BELOW DOWNLOAD THE POWERPOINT PRESENTATION Now Accepting Inclusive Excellence Committee Applications At the start of each year, the Office of DEI opens applications for faculty, staff, and students to apply for the Inclusive Excellence Committee (formerly the DEI Task Force). The IE Committee will be crucial in creating and sustaining an inclusive campus community. Members will work with the Chief Inclusive Excellence Officer and DEI Cabinet […] Oglethorpe announces new ‘Inclusive Excellence Committee’ Juneteenth celebration creates meaningful conversations and cultural appreciation Oglethorpe celebrates diversity in senior class with identity... Alumni establish endowed scholarship to support leaders in... © 2024 Oglethorpe University4484 Peachtree Rd NE, Atlanta, GA 30319404.261.1441800.428.4484