You can help build a critical new chapter of Blackburn’s legacy. Winning Together is a meaningful - and pressing - opportunity to give students and the community greater access to expanded athletic and recreational facilities. Growth requires space, and with your help, Blackburn can continue to be a winning experience for all students. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion drives initiatives and creates collaborative opportunities that foster a diverse and inclusive environment for all Blackburn College students and employees. Blackburn College recognizes that academic, social, and long-term holistic success are proven outcomes of diverse and inclusive environments. There is no typical Blackburn student. Blackburn embraces diversity in race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, physical ability, gender identity, culture, nationality, age, socioeconomic status, and the many other attributes contributing to our globally rich world.The Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion seeks to build and maintain a welcoming community that embraces an appreciation for diversity where all Blackburn members are heard, respected, and valued. The Office frequently holds events that speak to its language of diversity and inclusion among the student body and the college’s faculty and staff. Because we’re from all walks of life, Blackburn students bring a range of interests and experiences to our campus. You can explore our student clubs and organizations to find a good fit or you can create your own space and start your own organization. Established at Blackburn in 2018, the Black Student Union (BSU) not only gives African-American students but minority students a voice at primarily white institutions. Blackburn’s LGBTQIA+ club, Spectrum is to provide a safe environment for anyone of the gender, sexual, or romantic orientation. Allies are always welcome! We celebrate the exceptional community-based work our students lead. The MLK Leadership Award is presented annually to the Blackburn student who exemplifies the qualities of Martin Luther King, Jr. including community service, social justice, and inclusive leadership skills. Safe Zone workshops enhance participants’ understanding of gender, sexuality, and LGBTQ+ identities. Safe Zone workshops also provide information and support for those interested in creating safe spaces in classrooms, offices, workspaces, practice areas, and residence halls, intending to create more inclusive environments for all members of the Blackburn community. To see the beauty of our campus’ natural ecosystems and learn the charms of our bucolic small-town setting, you have to experience it. Connect with us, discover our unique work program culture, and engage a vision for what your future could become. 700 College AvenueCarlinville, IL 62626800.233.3550