Back to main menu Back to About OVCDEI Back to About OVCDEI Back to About OVCDEI Back to About OVCDEI Back to main menu Back to Academic Inclusion Programs Back to Academic and Student Support Initiatives Back to Academic Inclusion Programs Back to Faculty and Staff Development Back to Academic Inclusion Programs Back to main menu Back to Institutional Equity Back to Institutional Equity Back to Title IX Back to Institutional Equity Back to Institutional Equity Back to Institutional Equity Back to main menu Back to Diversity and Campus Culture Back to Events Back to Events Back to Annual Celebration of Diversity Back to Events Back to Events Back to Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Celebration Back to Diversity and Campus Culture Back to Education and Trainings Back to Diversity and Campus Culture Back to Funding Back to Diversity and Campus Culture Back to main menu Back to Antiracism Initiatives Back to Antiracism Initiatives Back to Antiracism Initiatives Back to Antiracism Initiatives October 1, 2024 2:02 PM Dear Faculty and Staff,  I am pleased to announce the opening of the request for proposals for the 2025-26 Call to Action Research Program. Begun in Fall 2020, the goal of the program is to enhance exceptional cross-disciplinary research strengths and expand collaborations to build […] The Office of the Vice Chancellor for Diversity, Equity & Inclusion is pleased to announce a new Vice Chancellor’s Fellow position, which began this fall with Professor Ilana Redstone serving as the first fellow. Professor Redstone is an associate professor in the Department of Sociology in the College of Liberal […] Join us on Saturday, September 21 for IlliniFest, a campus-wide event designed to help you explore Illinois to the fullest and see yourself as part of it! While you’re on campus, explore historical and cultural sites around campus during the Office of the Vice Chancellor for Diversity, Equity & Inclusion scavenger hunt. […] This training provides staff, administration, and faculty information that will allow them to better serve undocumented students at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. To promote their launch in Fall 2021, Psyonic received marketing help from student consultants supported in part by the Office of the Vice Chancellor for Diversity, Equity & Inclusion as part of our partnership with the Polsky Center at the University of Chicago. See All of Our Stories View the Full Calendar Office of the Vice Chancellor for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion614 E. Daniel Street, Third FloorMC-311Champaign, IL 61820Phone: (217) 300-9580Fax: (217) 244-5530diversity@illinois.edu