This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Learn more about our use of your data by reading our Privacy Policy. Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video. Here is alink to the videoinstead. Apply today Make the most of your fall. The Early Action/Early Decision I deadline is November 1. Best in the Midwest TheWall Street Journaljust ranked Lake Forest College as the top liberal-arts college in the Midwest, putting a bow on the publication's ranking of the College at #27 nationwide. FAFSA changes may impact your family For the first time in 30 years, FAFSA is changing. Read about what college students and their families need to know about how the FAFSA updates impact them.  At Lake Forest College, we are dedicated to elevating students from dreamers to doers. Here, students take classes to nurture and discover their passions. Our community embraces career preparation at its finest, with access to top internships in and around the great city of Chicago. In every field of study, we will help students make opportunities to excel. Get the best of both worlds: an idyllic lakeshore campus near the opportunity and culture of the third-largest city in the US. Lake Forest College is committed to helping students achieve their dream careers through pragmatic experience and guided preparation. With hands-on research, nationally ranked internship access, and dynamic classroom settings that foster supportive relationships between students and professors, this is the liberal arts at its finest. At Lake Forest College, the fine arts are an instrumental part of the cultural richness of campus.We encourage all students to integrate their passions into their studies and explore means of artistic expression.Practicing the fine arts enhances a Forester's connection to the wider world and helps us find our place in it. Learn more At Lake Forest College, we are shaping a vibrant future for our community by prioritizing student success, building career-ready graduates, and strengthening campus resources. We are committed to helping every Forester thrive academically, personally, and professionally, with the full support of faculty, staff, and alumni. Discover how we’re making transformative impacts on campus and beyond by investing in our students, innovation, and the future of Lake Forest College. Learn more  Lake Forest College’s ACTIVATE: Summer Internship Program helps you make the most of the moment. Students reside in downtown Chicago at the College’s Chicago residential building, receive cutting-edge career preparation and mentorship, and benefit from an internship in the heart of the city. Learn more According to the WSJ article: “Schools’ overall scores in the WSJ/College Pulse ranking are based on three factors: Student outcomes—including measures of graduation rates, graduates’ salaries and how those salaries offset the cost of attaining an undergraduate degree at each school—account for 70 percent of the overall score. Read the whole story here Lake Forest College integratesenvironmentally sustainable practiceson campus and assists others in their quest to effectpositive change in the world. Our sustainability practices Lake Forest, Illinois is a quiet town in Chicago's North Shore suburbs, and it's also home to the Best Liberal Arts College in the Midwest as ranked by the Wall Street Journal in 2024. Whether you're a student, parent, alum, or just visiting, here are all the places in town you should hit up. Read More  At Lake Forest College, students can choose up to two majors and a minor or one major and two minors. This diversified approach to education allows students to embrace all their interests and craft a personal education experience that not only tailors them to a specific path, but helps them create one. Want to study music, but also data science? Theater and neuroscience? Marketing and psychology? African American studies and creative writing? When it comes to major combinations, we think beyond limits and into possibilities. Our double majors graduate with a higher understanding of themselves, the world, and their place in it. There is no getting around the fact that college comes with a price tag. However, it’s important to understand that higher education is first and foremost an investment in your future—you receive the value of the education you invest in. Read more We help students think beyond classes and homework and into their future careers. Our degree programs focus on securing jobs or graduate program placements after graduation. Whether students come to us with big ideas about their next steps or passion they need to find a place for, our Career Advancement team is ready to help them achieve great things after college. Through our nationally recognizedCareer Pathways program, the Gorter Family Career Advancement Center empowers students by providing essential skills, experiences, and networks that will help them pursue meaningful careers. Chicago is home to over 400 major corporate headquarters (including 36 in the Fortune 500), countless museums, theaters, consulates, and more where students can make connections for professional success. View all news Events 555 North Sheridan RoadLake Forest, Illinois 60045847-234-3100Admissions: 847-735-5000 Privacy © 2024 Lake Forest College