Embracing Diversity and Fostering Inclusion Across Northwestern Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, andÂ Accountability As the Office of Institutional Diversity and Inclusion (OIDI), our core objective is to ensure each member of our community feels not just included, but truly integral to our institutional fabric. Our office is committed to fostering a culture where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. In line with our commitment, we have adopted a comprehensive approach that centralizes Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accountability (IDEA) as foundational pillars. This commitment is manifested through several concrete initiatives that you can witness in your day-to-day interactions at Northwestern. READ our Commitment The Office of Institutional Diversity and Inclusion leads initiatives and guides policy at the enterprise-level to create an increasingly inclusive, diverse, equitable, and welcoming environment for all Northwestern community members – including students, faculty, and staff. Learn more about us We seek to develop diverse leaders and promote inclusion and equity at Northwestern University through strategic innovation. Learn more about our initiatives Meet the staff from the Office of Institutional Diversity and Inclusion. Meet our team We support and coordinate diversity and inclusion efforts across Northwestern. Find a variety of recent news, announcements, and more related to diversity and inclusion at Northwestern. In this year-long series, participants will learn the how of dialogue and build practical skills for having more meaningful conversations. In recognition that many in our community will be navigating deep and complex emotions and experiences on the anniversary of October 7th, 2023, Northwestern's Office of Institutional Diversity and Inclusion will offer a wide range of support. Avril Liu and Jennifer Mok, Co-Chairs of APIDA Staff Affinity Group (ASAG), highlight individuals and the impact of APIDA heritage in American history. Sarah Brown (Director) and Njoki Kamau (Assistant Director) of the Women's Center, dives into the inception of Women's History Month and encourages those who are subject to gender oppression to take time to recognize the light they bring to the spaces they occupy. In recognition of Black History Month, the OIDI education team has curated a variety of books, podcasts, music, and films that showcase the rich culture and history of Black people. A message to Northwestern IDEA Leaders in response to global and local recent events. UNIDOS Affinity Group Co-Chairs (Gabriela Hedrick, Michael Marino, and Sonia Calles Mesa) share historical insight, the impact of colonization, and the beauty of LatinX culture and heritage. Attracting, welcoming and supporting the brightest, most diverse students: What to know about race-conscious admissions at Northwestern. Maj Kargbo, the newly hired Director for Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accountability (IDEA) Education and Training, shares how we can collectively unlock the power of education. This course delves into the relationship between mutual aid, gender, and culture, exploring some of the ways that solidarity can move beyond the abstract to become a tangible mechanism of connection and support. Northwestern is a community of learners situated within a network of historical and contemporary relationships with Native American tribes, communities, parents, students, and alumni. It is also in close proximity to an urban Native American community in Chicago and near several tribes in the Midwest. The Northwestern campus sits on the traditional homelands of the people of the Council of Three Fires, the Ojibwe, Potawatomi, and Odawa. It was also a site of trade, travel, gathering and healing for more than a dozen other Native tribes and is still home to over 100,000 tribal members in the state of Illinois. Read more aboutLand Acknowledgments at Northwestern. 1800 Sherman Ave, Suite 5200Evanston, IL 60201 Evanston(847) 467-3488 diversity@northwestern.edu