Principia College is dedicated to acting as a positive global citizen and building programs on our campus and within our communities that support a socially just, biodiverse, and prosperous world. At Principia, we are guided and strengthened by our foundation in Christian Science. As a community, we support values of universal love and the Golden Rule. We believe that love must be expressed intentionally, with strength, and through continuous action. We recognize and respect the humanity, experience, and identity of everyone. We dedicate ourselves individually and collectively to establishing inclusive and equitable educational, working, and living spaces where everyone belongs, matters, and is valued. Belonging and Mattering Statement Principia College takes the challenge of sustainability education seriously. By promoting an understanding of the fundamental linkages between ecological, political, social, and economic systems—and inspiring students to think critically about the diversity of ethical issues raised by human interactions with the environment—we prepare students to take the lead in solving some of the most complex challenges of their generation. The college is committed to implementing actions that facilitate achieving zero waste and carbon neutrality, that are sustainable in terms of food and campus infrastructure, and that minimize our ecological footprint. Sourcing 100 percent renewable electric energy since 2009, we are now transitioning to an energy mix that includes power generated from an on-campus solar array. As a result of responsible energy sourcing and systemic efficiencies, the carbon footprint of campus residents is one-quarter the national average. Carbon neutrality isn’t our only focus. We are also implementing a wide range of sustainability initiatives including purchasing “green” cleaning chemicals and electronics, a Clothing Closet where students share gently used clothing and “shop” for free, a Bike Rental and Repair Shop to encourage zero-emission transportation on campus, landscaping that nourishes native pollinators, an orchard and food forest, and a strong recycling and composting program. Learn more about our Sustainability efforts At 2,600 acres, the blufftop property is the 25th largest college campus in the United States. The hill prairies found along the bluffs overlooking the Mississippi River represent a significant portion of the last remaining prairies in Illinois. While Principia students and faculty appreciate studying and exploring the forests, prairies, and farmlands, it’s up to the Land Stewardship Program to care for an area that’s just over four square miles. Our Land Stewardship team is involved in a variety of activities from forest stewardship and prairie restoration to GIS projects and creating a network of natural trails. Learn more about our Land Stewardship program Maps/Directions