ThunderAthletics Kingdom Diversity is about: Our differences enrich our lives and experiences and deepen our love and appreciation for God’s plan. To enable our Christ-centered campus in our commitment to respect and love one another, to engage inter-culturally, to uplift the disadvantaged, to live in community, from every nation for His Glory Enlighten, Equip, Empower  The Office of Intercultural Engagement is the organizational home for Wheaton College’s Kingdom Diversity initiative. Located in the newly dedicated Dr. Ruth Bentley suite in Blanchard Hall, the office is responsible for coordinating with Administration, Faculty, Staff, and Students on developing and implementing policies and practices that encourage and foster Kingdom Diversity within the Wheaton College community. Dr. Vanessa Wynder Quainoo ’81, appointed July 2022, serves as the second Chief Intercultural Engagement Officer (CIEO). Dr. Quainoo states, “It is a privilege to serve alongside President Ryken and collaborate with Provost Lee in strengthening Kingdom Diversity at Wheaton College, and welcoming Christ-centered community from every nation to the Glory of God." Tiffany Egler ’10is a second generation Wheaton College Alumna. Her history with Wheaton began as a young child when her parents, Reverend Calvin Egler ’95, Mrs. Tanya Egler, came to study and work as Resident Directors. She completed her undergraduate degree in English with a Certificate in Secondary Education. Tiffany has served as Assistant to Wheaton’s Chief Intercultural Engagement Officer for five years. She is currently earning her Master of Arts in Higher Education and Student Development. Contact us atvanessa.quainoo@wheaton.edu. In September 2023, the Historical Review Task Force completed its work to clarify what we know—and to explore what more can and should be known—about the history of race relations on the campus of Wheaton College. We invite the Wheaton community to: Once a semester the Office of Intercultural Engagement publishes Engage, a newsletter with information about diversity at Wheaton College. Sign up to receive the newsletter or view past issues here.  Wheaton College is committed to creating and sustaining a just and diverse environment that celebrates the value and upholds the dignity of all members of our community.Learn more about our commitment.  Wheaton offers an abundance of resources for spiritual and intellectual exploration on the topics of diversity and inclusion.Learn more about how Wheaton can support you.  Groups such as The Office of Multicultural Development, International Student Programs, plus a variety of other multicultural organizations offer support, resources, and community for everyone.Learn how you can get involved. At Wheaton, students will encounter opportunities to share in the work of Christ in myriad ways. We plan engaging and inclusive events to lift up our students, bond with one another across differences, and honor and pray for one another. See ourrecent storiesandevents. Wheaton’s faculty, staff, and students work to affirm the dignity and worth of all of us. Each year we honor their work and celebrate their courage and achievements at the Rodney K. Sisco Diversity Students' Choice Awards. 501 College AvenueWheaton, IL 60187-5501 ©Wheaton College