Specialized Info Utility Links Why Earlham Specialized Info Utility Links “A diversity of human experiences and viewpoints in our learning community strengthens the educational experience of all members of the community.” –Earlham CollegeDiversity Aspiration Vision Statement Earlham students come from 42 states and 49 countries. A quarter of our students are people of color and another 20 percent are international students. Our community includes people with divergent religions, spiritual traditions and worldviews. Earlham is also socioeconomically diverse; more than 30 percent of incoming students receive the Federal Pell Grant. Our faculty and staff also come from a wide variety of backgrounds. Many have lived and worked outside the United States, and they make a point of drawing on those experiences in their interactions with students. We continually work to make Earlham a more welcoming and safe place for people, particularly those who have have been historically oppressed and excluded because of such factors as race, ethnicity, sex, gender, sexual orientation, socioeconomic class, physical ability or neurological divergence. Armen Sargsyan is only a junior at Earlham but has already achieved so much during his time here. In the summer following her first year at Earlham College, Drenushe Krasniqi-Vanmeter embarked on a transformative research project that would shape her future as a scientist. In U.S. News & World Report’s “Best Colleges” guidebook for 2025, Earlham is ranked as one of the Top 75 national liberal arts colleges. The College also ranks 21st for value, up from 24th the previous year. It is a foundational Quaker belief that all persons have available to them an inner spirit of Truth, often known as the ‘Inner Light’ or ‘God’s Voice Within.’“From this belief follows an assumption of equality of all persons and grounds for respecting all persons. We commit ourselves to be a community whose members act with regard for the intellectual, physical and emotional well-being of everyone, while acknowledging that there are systems of oppression that we strive to dismantle that affect our own community. We seek to find mutual respect, trust and happiness in our relationships with persons of every race, ethnicity, class, religious preference, political affiliation, gender identity, physical ability, sexual orientation and age, including persons removed by time and place.”– Earlham College,Principles and Practices 765-983-1200 Notice of Nondiscrimination Earlham College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, sex, sexual orientation, age, or disability in the administration of its employment or educational policies, admissions policies and practices, scholarship and loan programs, athletics, or other school-administered programs. Earlham prohibits discrimination on the basis of these protected categories, as required by Title IX, Title VI, Title VII, and other applicable state and federal law. © 2024Earlham College. All Rights Reserved.