Franklin College provides students with an opportunity to live and study among other races, cultures, sexual orientations, economic backgrounds and various life experiences. Students receive support from several administrative and academic departments, including the Center for Diversity and Inclusion to encourage their growth and success in a diverse environment. The vision of the Center is to be a catalyst, dedicated to engaging all cultural communities at Franklin College around the value of diversity. We aim to create an inclusive educational environment where understanding, dialogue and the free exchange of ideas are celebrated. These efforts will contribute to the development of critically conscious global citizens at Franklin College and beyond. The mission of the Center is to support students, faculty/staff and the community by promoting the value of diversity, broadening multicultural awareness, advancing cultural competence and encouraging cross-cultural collaborative relationships through education and advocacy. "The CDI has shaped my life for the better. I am able to practice professionalism and leadership with strong guidance. My understanding of the importance of multiculturalism has also greatly improved." The Center for Diversity and Inclusion is located on the 2nd floor of the Napolitan Student Center. Diversity and Inclusion on Campus handout(PDF) The Yolanda Askew ’90 DEI Award is provided to financially vulnerable diverse students, funded through the generosity of Franklin College alumni. The award is granted to diverse students experiencing financial need and who are seeking an educational or co-curricular experience to enhance their Franklin College education. The Alumni Council task force on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion established this award in 2021, through a strong effort to support underrepresented students on campus and help foster an inclusive environment. In 2023, after Yolanda’s passing, the alumni council members voted to rename the award in honor of her. Recipients of the award must demonstrate need for funds that will help provide for a robust Franklin College student experience. For more information about this award please contactMarlisha Marcellin, the Director of the Center for Diversity and Inclusion.  To make a financial gift to support this award,click here.  To designate your gift for this award, click on the dropdown box and select “other.”  Then type in “The Yolanda Askew ’90 DEI Award.” At Franklin College, we are a community committed to allowing diverse, inclusive, and sometimes even controversial, opinions and experiences for our students and greater community. This commitment is intentionally evident in the events we host, the programming we develop and our steadfast promise of making all feel valued and respected. Our intent is to provide information and experiences to foster discussion that is both civil and respectful and increases understanding of the rich diversity within our global society. We also are committed to providing an inclusive and welcoming environment and to ensuring that educational and employment decisions are based on individuals’ abilities and qualifications. Consistent with these principles and applicable laws, it is our policy not to discriminate on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, marital status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation or veteran status as consistent with the Policy on Prohibited Discrimination, Harassment and Related Misconduct. No person on the basis of protected status shall be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to unlawful discrimination, harassment, or retaliation under any college program or activity, including with respect to employment terms and conditions. Such a policy ensures that only relevant factors are considered and that equitable and consistent standards of conduct and performance are applied. Safe Zone training sessions are designed to increase the overall understanding and awareness of issues faced by lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, questioning/queer, intersex, asexual (LGBTQIA+) and other marginalized persons. Safe Zone One training focuses on terminology, privilege and the coming out process. Safe Zone Two focuses on gender identity, the transgender community, intersectionality, and being an effective advocate(Safe Zone One must be completed prior to taking Safe Zone Two). Questions about Safe Zone? Reach out to the Center for Diversity and Inclusion. 101 Branigin BlvdFranklin, IN 461312nd Floor of the Napolitan Student Center 317.738.8082 Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.Friday, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.