Since 1827, Hanover College has committed to providing students with a world-class liberal arts education. By giving them a broad range of knowledge and strengthening the depth of their intellectual capital, we develop leaders for a world that constantly changes. One aspect of our mission is transformative learning; something we believe comes with celebrating the many cultures, ethnicities and expressions of diversity that display the richness of the human experience. At Hanover, you’ll be able to grow with students who span the spectrum from vibrant cultural backgrounds and unique locations. When you graduate, you’ll be able to think creatively and from multiple perspectives, ready for success in a global community, because you’ll have experienced it here first. Read more aboutthe historical perspective of equity and diversity initiatives at Hanover. Read“A Place to Belong,”a strategic plan for equity and diversity at Hanover College. This plan aims to foster employee and student appreciation of a diverse and equitable world; recruit and retain a diverse student body; hire, develop and retain diverse employees; and become a community leader on equity issues. The students, faculty, staff, and trustees of Hanover College are committed to providing a diverse, equitable, and inclusive campus so that all feel welcome to seek academic, personal, and moral growth within a community that is safe, challenging, and responsive. We embrace diversity in recruiting and retaining students, faculty, and staff of all backgrounds regardless of age, race, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, national origin, marital status, political viewpoint, religion, sex, sexual orientation or veteran status. We recognize that our definition of diversity must be inclusive, porous in its boundaries and ever evolving, changing as our campus, our society, and our vision of the world changes. It must also create a safe space for the discussion and debate of well-reasoned, thoughtful, and constructive ideas of all kinds. We strive to practice respect, compassion, and understanding for one another, so that all may participate in the open and free exchange of ideas necessary for a meaningful education and a successful democracy. Honoring Hanover’s first Black student,The Social Justice Leadership Programhonors students with outstanding academic records who have a passion to promote diversity, human rights or social justice for race, gender, religion, national origin, sexual orientation or gender identity.