Indiana UniversityIndiana UniversityIU LGBTQ+ History Month At Indiana University, LGBTQ+ History Month focuses on the celebration of the LGBTQ+ community and achievements throughout history. Students, faculty, and the community can learn through an array of programs and special events. Indiana University Celebrates Native American Heritage Month Indiana University Celebrates the 55th Anniversary of the Neal-Marshall Black Culture Center Indiana University Celebrates Grand Re-Opening of the LGBTQ+ Culture Center IU Bloomington, IU Indianapolis Receive 2024 HEED Awards for Diversity and Inclusion Indiana University Celebrates LGBTQ+ History Month The two-day conference,Elements of Empowerment: Reimagining the Excellence Within Us, will cover leadership, empowerment, and excellence. It is free to students on all campuses. Dynamic speakers and engaging activities will foster the development of a personal leadership action plan! The Indiana University Board of Trustees approved a resolution establishing institutional diversity committees during its September meeting, as required under Senate Enrolled Act 202. Learn about the committees It's important to recognize the historical and contemporary conflicts in Israel and Palestine and the impact on our IU community members who share personal connections. IU is committed to supporting those in need during this profoundly difficult time with a collection of well-being and safety resources. View resources See firsthand the progress that OVPDEI has made at Indiana University in our 2022-23 annual report. Explore the story of diversity and inclusion at IU through university-wide data, executive summaries and the stories of the students, faculty, and staff making a difference on all of our campuses. On Illuminating: Light and Truth on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, is a new bi-weekly podcast produced by the Indiana University Office of the Vice President for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Each show features conversations with university faculty, staff, students, and public and business leaders passionate about sharing their experiences and innovative strategies to build communities where all are valued and belong. In addition, each episode strives to provide listeners with learned techniques to apply in their communities. On Illuminating: Light and Truth on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, is a new bi-weekly podcast produced by the Indiana University Office of the Vice President for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Each show features conversations with university faculty, staff, students, and public and business leaders passionate about sharing their experiences and innovative strategies to build communities where all are valued and belong. In addition, each episode strives to provide listeners with learned techniques to apply in their communities. This award recognizes individuals who actively promote diversity and inclusive excellence, dedicating themselves to making Indiana University a diverse, multicultural academic community that serves as a model for higher education, the state of Indiana, and society at large. This award recognizes individuals who actively promote diversity and inclusive excellence, dedicating themselves to making Indiana University a diverse, multicultural academic community that serves as a model for higher education, the state of Indiana, and society at large. Indiana University engaged independent consulting firm Halualani & Associates to conduct diversity assessments for each of IU’s campuses. Along with graduation and retention reports, the firm made recommendations for subsequent action steps each campus as IU continues to strive for inclusive excellence. Would you like to learn more about OVPDEI, its scholarship, academic, cultural, or community programs, or any university campus? Please submit your information here and we will send you materials. Indiana University wishes to acknowledge and honor the indigenous communities native to this region, and recognize that Indiana University – Bloomington was built on indigenous homelands and resources. Indiana University recognizes the Miami, Delaware, Potawatomi, and Shawnee people as past, present, and future caretakers of this land. We are proud to support Native students in their pursuit of community and success at Indiana University. Indiana University wishes to acknowledge and honor the indigenous communities native to this region, and recognize that Indiana University – Bloomington was built on indigenous homelands and resources. Indiana University recognizes the Miami, Delaware, Potawatomi, and Shawnee people as past, present, and future caretakers of this land. We are proud to support Native students in their pursuit of community and success at Indiana University. The 2024 Higher Education Excellence in Diversity Awardees have been announced! The IU Bloomington and IU Indianapolis campuses received the award, as they have a number of times before. It is the only national award honoring U.S. colleges and universities that demonstrate a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion through their innovative programs and outreach; hiring practices for faculty and staff; and student recruitment, retention, and completion. In addition, for the seventh year, IU Bloomington has also been named a Diversity Champion, INSIGHTInto Diversity’shighest distinction. The 2024 Higher Education Excellence in Diversity Awardees have been announced! The IU Bloomington and IU Indianapolis campuses received the award, as they have a number of times before. It is the only national award honoring U.S. colleges and universities that demonstrate a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion through their innovative programs and outreach; hiring practices for faculty and staff; and student recruitment, retention, and completion. In addition, for the seventh year, IU Bloomington has also been named a Diversity Champion, INSIGHTInto Diversity’shighest distinction. Campus Pride, a national nonprofit network of student leaders and campus groups devoted to improving college life for lesbian, bisexual, gay, transgender, and queer students across the U.S., named IU Bloomington in its 2023 list of top LBGTQ-friendly colleges, an accolade the campus received for the ninth time. Campus Pride, a national nonprofit network of student leaders and campus groups devoted to improving college life for lesbian, bisexual, gay, transgender, and queer students across the U.S., named IU Bloomington in its 2023 list of top LBGTQ-friendly colleges, an accolade the campus received for the ninth time. We invite university and community members to explore our inclusive campus environments tool kit, an assembly of resources and services designed to educate and support in developing and sustaining living, learning, and working environments that are welcoming and inclusive for all. Indiana University does not tolerate acts of hate, harassment, discrimination, acts of retaliation or any other acts that are counter-productive to a safe, civil, and welcoming community―and neither should you. "For this research study, I’m looking at LGBTQ+ and Asian American men and the intersectionality between those two." "For this research study, I’m looking at LGBTQ+ and Asian American men and the intersectionality between those two."  "If you come from Latinx backgrounds and feel lost or whatever, you can go there [La Casa] to reclaim yourself and find people with whom you can relate." "If you come from Latinx backgrounds and feel lost or whatever, you can go there [La Casa] to reclaim yourself and find people with whom you can relate." "A lot of what I’ll be doing there is programming, specifically awareness of certain illnesses or health topics, and different things concerning different people like Black, Asian and Pacific Islander people, or LGBTQ+." Get culturally involved Explore scholar opportunities Diversity and multiculturalism show the true strength of a campus. In order to tackle broader issues facing us, we must bring together and reconcile our differences, and tap into the wealth of our diversity. Oct23 Marketing International Experience: Student Panel 1 p.m.—2 p.m. ERNIE PYLE HALL - Oct23 Spanish Tutor 1 p.m.—5 p.m. La Casa/Latino Cultural Center - Oct23 Asian Language Learning Program - Japanese 5 p.m.—7 p.m. 807 E. 10TH / ASIAN CULTURE CENTER - Oct23 Writing Tutor @ La Casa 5 p.m.—7 p.m. La Casa/Latino Cultural Center - Oct24 How to Afford Study Abroad Starts at1 p.m.  Accessibility|College Scorecard|Privacy Notice|Copyright© 2024The Trustees ofIndiana University