Indiana University BloomingtonIndiana University BloomingtonIU Bloomington We pride ourselves on having a globally minded campus, where everyone is respected and celebrated for their unique contributions to our culture. As such, you can expect to feel accepted and welcome regardless of your race, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, or gender identity. And you’ll have plenty of opportunities to explore other cultures and perspectives through your academic choices, extracurricular activities, residential community, and more. No matter who you are or where you’re from, there’s a place for you at Indiana University Bloomington. Whether you want to help raise awareness of and appreciation forBlack student issues, learn more aboutIslam, or help promote equality and acceptance of theLGBTQIA*community, there’s an organization that can help you do it. Whether you want to help raise awareness of and appreciation forBlack student issues, learn more aboutIslam, or help promote equality and acceptance of theLGBTQIA*community, there’s an organization that can help you do it. These centers can help you learn more about another way of life—or get support from people who share your own background. They offer cultural education, academic support, and more for IU students and community members. These centers can help you learn more about another way of life—or get support from people who share your own background. They offer cultural education, academic support, and more for IU students and community members. You can choose to live in residential communities focused onAfrican AmericanandAsian Americanstudents, andgender and sexual identity, among others. These living learning centers offer resident-only programming, classes, and other benefits. You can choose to live in residential communities focused onAfrican AmericanandAsian Americanstudents, andgender and sexual identity, among others. These living learning centers offer resident-only programming, classes, and other benefits. Although the entire IU community will do its best to make you feel at home, we understand that sometimes you might need a little help to make the most of your time here. To make sure you have the support you need to thrive, we offer a variety of resources and services for underrepresented groups on campus. The Office of Vice Provost for Diversity & Inclusion (OVPDI) provides resources for professionals who live and work in Bloomington. Learn more about campus culture and initiatives, as well as local organizations and attractions that make it easy to connect academically and socially. The Office of the Vice President for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (OVPDEI) helps ensure IU maintains an inclusive environment on all its campuses. Learn more about its scholarship, academic, cultural, and community programs. INDIANA UNIVERSITYBLOOMINGTON  Accessibility|College Scorecard|Privacy Notice|Copyright© 2024The Trustees ofIndiana University