For those interested in applying for a Major/Minor or transferring For those interested in applying to the Graduate, Continuing or any of the Online Programs Ideally situated on 85 tree-shaded acres in the heart of Indianola, Simpson is just a 20-minute drive from Iowa’s thriving capital city, Des Moines. At Simpson College—home to about 1,200 traditional undergraduate students and hundreds of faculty and staff members—we are dedicated to creating a healthy and diverse community where every individual is valued and embraced. You’ll meet and engage with people of all backgrounds. You’ll learn from their life experiences, and they’ll learn from yours. From dedicated resources and support systems to student-led organizations and events, Simpson College provides a welcoming and culturally rich place to live and learn. Our DEI team provides support and resources for students, staff, and faculty, from training programs to collaborating with campus partners on awareness events and cultural celebrations. Among the scores of student clubs at Simpson, you’ll find many dedicated to cultural, language, and identity, including Latinos Unidos and the International Student Organization. Students of all belief systems are encouraged to explore their spiritual side at Simpson. Attend a worship event. Participate in a group bible study. Find a sacred space for reflection. Home to the renowned nonpartisan Culver Public Policy Center, Simpson College encourages active participation in democracy. If you need someone to talk to, we’re here. All Simpson students have access to free health and wellness resources, including confidential counseling. Your success in and out of the classroom is a top priority. Student Accessibility Services offers a variety of accommodations to students with documented needs. Providing support to underserved populations "By being active, I’ve gotten to know a lot of people. I especially like being in Latinos Unidos—to be part of my community and helping to educate the Simpson community on important topics. Simpson has made me a very well-rounded student." Trenity Rosenberg ’23 Philosophy and Spanish double major Get closer to your bright future. 701 North C StreetIndianola, Iowa 50125 © 2024 Simpson College. All rights reserved. We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Dismiss,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Privacy Policy.