Centre seeks to nurture understanding and mutual respect among students and faculty within a safe, inclusive environment. Do you want to engage in opportunities that promote diversity? Earn scholarships that advocate for inclusion and equity? Spend time in an inviting space and meet new friends? At Centre, here are some of the many resources at your fingertips: The New Horizons Program Scholarship is for domestic first-year students who have a passion for diversity and inclusion issues and want to build their professional development skills. The J.H. and Artie Atkins Scholar Program selects six to nine juniors and seniors to work closely with faculty advisors on DEI subjects involving underrepresentation, inequity, social justice, and the like. With more than 100 student clubs, organizations, and activities — including the Black Student Organization, Pride Alliance, and the Disabled Student Organization — you can find your community at Centre. Make a difference on campus through our program, which promotes and supports a peer-to-peer model of DEI education through training and workshop opportunities. Our Intercultural Council aims to collaborate with like-minded student groups and facilitate fun, educational programs that promote intercultural dialogue and understanding. What happens when the pursuit of justice collides with the protection of individual freedoms? Amber Duke, Executive Director of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Kentucky, joins us for... October 22, 2024 7:00 pm Young Hall (113) What is it like to live and work in China? How does one navigate politics and cultural differences to thrive in an international environment? Come learn from two distinguished business professionals... October 23, 2024 7:00 pm Young Hall (113) The Religion of Reproductive Rights Claims will explore the Jewish Fight to Legalize Abortion as a contemporary case study. In the months leading up to the U.S. Supreme Court overturning of Roe vs... November 11, 2024 7:00 pm Young Hall (113) I think that common ground of belonging is going to make it so much easier for people to open up and make real connections. If you keep on hanging around people with the same perspectives as you, there's no other real learning curve here. We were very proud as a Vietnamese Student Association team to make that happen at Centre. Data Science, class of 2023 Vietnam FIND STRENGTH AND COMFORT IN FAITH Whatever you faith, you can feel safe with us to explore and ask life’s tough questions. Centre students represent a myriad of world faiths and more than a dozen Christian denominations. Community Building Becoming great leaders of tomorrow means learning how to serve. That’s why giving back to our local communities isn’t just a one-off at Centre — it’s a way of life. Our goal at the Office of Diversity and Inclusion is to create an environment in which you feel welcome, valued, and safe no matter who you are. Tap into our resources and get involved today! Rising senior Kylin Jia paired two of his passions while studying abroad in Taiwan. A double major in Chinese studies and business, Jia is one of four Centre College students attending National Taiwan... Centre College is pleased to announce Dr. Anthony E. Jones as its new Vice President for Diversity and Inclusion. Jones will join Centre July 1 from Slippery Rock University in Pennsylvania, where he... A key program goal for Centre College’s J.H. and Artie Atkins Scholars Research Program is to prepare students for future academic and professional endeavors. The Atkins Scholars program launched in... 600 West Walnut StreetDanville, KY 40422859.238.5200 Your generosity makes a difference in the lives of our students. © 2024 Centre College Privacy Legal Login