This website uses cookies to optimize your experience as a user.Click here to review our Privacy Policy. This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies. The Office for Diversity and Inclusion plays a vital role in creating a holistic learning environment that prepares our students to be empowered, informed, and responsible citizens for our local and global communities. We are committed to providing a diverse and inclusive community by recognizing, respecting and celebrating differences and commonalities within our campus community. We believe in protecting the rights of campus community members regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, disability, socioeconomic status, and/or religious belief. Our goal is to provide diverse educational opportunities for the campus community through campus partnerships, programming, and policy.  Contact the Office of Diversity & Inclusion:  As a Christian institution, Georgetown College builds community through admissions, hiring and promotion policies based on merit, qualification and character.  As a matter of policy and in compliance with state and federal laws, Georgetown College operates on the principle of non-discrimination.  Georgetown College does not discriminate, either in the admission of students, hiring and promotion of employees, or in the administration of any educational policies, programs, or activities on the basis of race, color, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, disability or veteran status.  Because the College is primarily residential in nature, Georgetown College reserves the right to restrict admissions to undergraduate programs on the basis of sex due to limitations in availability of campus housing, if necessary.  The College may use religion as a factor in making faculty employment decisions and in Board of Trustees appointments.  This policy is in compliance with Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act.  Inquiries or concerns should be directed to the Director of Human Resources or the Title IX Coordinator at502-863-8000.  The Office for Diversity & Inclusion serves as a resource to the campus community, working to support students, faculty, and staff. Our office works with various student groups, faculty, and staff to provide meaningful programming that supports inclusiveness across campus. Our campus community engages in meaningful opportunities to increase diversity and inclusion awareness on our campus. 400 East College Street, Georgetown, KY 40324Phone:502-863-8000Safety:502-863-8111