Learn more about UPIKE and why it is the right choice for you. See if UPIKE is a good fit for you and take the next steps in becoming a student. The vision for the College of Dental Medicine is to be known and respected for service, innovation, clinical excellence and interprofessional education. We are practitioners of the healing arts defining the standard for excellence in optometric education and vision care. Our D.O. medical school is nationally ranked and recognized for a reputation of excellence in rural medicine and family healthcare. UPIKE’s osteopathy program gives you a clear path to success in the medical field. Explore our online undergraduate and graduate programs and learn more about earning your degree at UPIKE. We create environments where all students, staff and faculty are recognized for the infinite worth that each person brings to the UPIKE community. Openness is the catalyst to how we educate, innovate and Move Mountains. The Office of Diversity, Excellence and Belonging leads and supports initiatives that focus on creating an environment where students, faculty, and staff are seen, heard and valued.  Our university-wide initiatives work to build a campus culture that promotes efforts to unify and remove bias. In doing so, we foster an inclusive and equitable university community environment where we can attract, recruit and retain diverse students, staff and faculty. As part of the University of Pikeville’s mission, we recognize the infinite worth that each person brings to the UPIKE community.  Because of this, we strive to be a campus where students, faculty, and staff can thrive in their full humanity, whether it’s race, ethnicity, gender identity, sexuality, national origin, socioeconomic status, ability, religion, spirituality or age to our campus each day. While much progress has been made, we understand embedding diversity, equity and inclusive excellence must be an ongoing assessment and refining of our policies, processes, and practices to ensure our students, faculty and staff feels seen, heard and valued. UPIKE strives to: Jasmine Sauceda-Izbrand(she/they | ella/elle) Director of Diversity, Excellence and BelongingHealth Professions Education Building 301JC: (606) 424-0097 O: (606) 218-5291jsaucedaizbrand@upike.edu Faculty and Staff Diversity Survey I AM UPIKEis an initiative rooted in an appreciation for the mosaic expression of diversity across campus.I AM UPIKEleverages the intersectionality of culture, arts, music, and education to celebrate our uniqueness and appreciate our differences. These intentional engagements aim to foster a sense of belonging and connectedness through a meaningful exchange of ideas, dialogue and programming. UPIKE Diversity Leadership Academy, funded by a U.S. Bank grant, leverages cross-campus expertise to develop student leaders to become champions of Justice, Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion. The Academy is a connecting point where students are empowered to elevate their voices to contribute positively to the UPIKE campus and community culture through service.  The Academy enrolls participants in the fall and spring semesters.   Expand the + selection below to view monthly holidays and celebrations. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day/Celebration On the third Monday of January each year, we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as the only national holiday commemorating the actions of an African-American. Originally petitioned to honor King’s dedication to trade unions, Ronald Reagan established it on November 2, 1983. Black History Month Black History Month, also known as African-American Heritage Month, is celebrated every February in the United States. Because of the timing of the birthdays of two important individuals in the fight to end slavery, Frederick Douglass and Abraham Lincoln, Black History Week was initially slated for the second week in February in 1926. However, in 1976 it was expanded to encompass the entire month of February to recognize the significant achievements made by the African-American community in all aspects of American society. National Women’s History Month Annually celebrated in March, Women’s History Month acknowledges the many contributions made by women to America’s rich past. From its beginnings as International Women’s Day on March 8, 1911, it has been expanded twice by the United States Congress, first as a weeklong celebration in 1981 and to its current month-long celebration in 1987. National Deaf History Month (March 13 to April 15) The National Association of the Deaf (NAD) urges everyone to recognize and celebrate mid-March through Mid-April. The month includes three critical moments in American History for the Deaf community:  March 13, 1988, Deaf President Now protest, the April 8, 1864, signing of the Gallaudet University charter by President Abraham Lincoln and the April 15, 1817 establishment of American School for the Deaf in Hartford, CT as he first permanent public school for the deaf.  Asian Pacific American Heritage Month Asian Pacific American (APA) Heritage Month celebrates Asians and Pacific Islanders in the United States. In June 1977, Representatives Frank Horton of New York and Norman Y. Mineta of California introduced a House resolution that called upon the president to proclaim the first ten days of May as Asian/Pacific Heritage Week. The following month, senators Daniel Inouye and Spark Matsunaga introduced a similar bill in the Senate. Both bills passed. On October 5, 1978, President Jimmy Carter signed a joint resolution designating the annual celebration. In May 1990, the holiday was expanded further when President George H. W. Bush established May as Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. May commemorated the immigration of the first Japanese to the United States on May 7, 1843, and the anniversary of the completion of the transcontinental railroad on May 10, 1869. The majority of the workers who laid the tracks were Chinese immigrants. LGBTQ+ PRIDE Month (will be implemented during the academic year) Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer (LGBTQ) Pride Month is observed in June to honor the 1969 Stonewall Uprising in Manhattan. The Stonewall Uprising was a tipping point for the Gay Liberation Movement in the United States. National Hispanic/Latinx Heritage Month (September 15 to October 15) National Hispanic Heritage Month is observed September 15- October 15 in the United States. It recognizes the contributions made by people of Hispanic descent and celebrates Hispanic culture. Hispanic Heritage Month begins on September 15 because it is the anniversary of five Latin American countries’ Independence Day: Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua. Disability Awareness Disability awareness is celebrated year-round both nationally and internationally. It recognizes individuals with disabilities and the importance of diversity in our community. Diwali Meaning “rows of lighted lamps,” Diwali is a celebration of light over darkness for different cultures across the world, especially South Asia. Learn More Veterans Day (November 11) Veterans Day (originally known as Armistice Day) is a federal holiday in the United States observed annually on November 11 for honoring military veterans who served honorably in the United States Armed Forces.  International Day of Tolerance (November 16) Tolerance recognizes the universal human rights and fundamental freedoms of others.  International Education Week (IEW) (November 18-22, 2022) International Education Week is an opportunity to appreciate the benefits of international education and exchange worldwide.  Together, we celebrate the diversity of cultures on campus through food, music and or art.  Trans Day of Remembrance (November 20) Transgender Day of Remembrance (TDOR) is an annual observance on November 20 that honors the memory of the transgender people who died in acts of anti-transgender violence. World AIDS Day (December 1) Initiated in 1998 and observed on December 1, World AIDS Day was the first time a health day was observed globally. The day is an opportunity to fight the disease, stand in solidarity, support those with HIV and remember those who lost their lives to this illness. Kwanzaa (In collaboration with/Student Activities)Kwanzaa is an annual celebration of African-American culture that is held from December 26 to January 1 Below are policy links for Employees (Faculty & Staff) To view Student Related Policies please visit the links below: To view University of Pikeville policies related to Title IX please visit the Title IX page below: Beth Kingery, JD, MBA (she, her, hers) Executive Director of Compliance and Legal Affairs Title IX Coordinator(606) 218-5344BethanyBowersock@upike.edu The Office of Human Resources supports university employees throughout their employment experience at UPIKE. We provide key support services such as recruitment, on-boarding, benefits and payroll administration as well as internal and external customer service. We focus on recruiting and retaining employees who are dedicated to meeting the needs of students and promoting a caring and supportive environment conducive to learning. Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m.-5 p.m.HR@upike.eduPhone: (606) 218-5346Fax: (606) 218-5214 Mailing Address147 Sycamore StreetPikeville, Kentucky 41501 Physical AddressLaughlin Cottage165 N. Elm StreetPikeville, Kentucky 41501 Affinity Student Organizationsi.UPIKE Pride+ii.BSU https://upike.campusgroups.com/bsu/home 4) BSU Graduate Chapter:a. Advisor: Jasmine Sauceda-Izbrandb. President: to be filledc. Vice President: to be filled i. Showers are available in the basement of Armington i.grassrootsna.orgii.area26.net/wp/ Visit the Financial Aid Scholarships page for a full listing of all available scholarships including the Jackson First Semester Living Scholarship, Jimmy Justice Memorial Scholarship and Ace First Generation Scholarship.    Upcoming Events:    147 Sycamore StreetPikeville, Kentucky 41501(606) 218-52501-866-BEARS00  “UPIKE has empowered me to grow and achieve great things. It is where students learn to care about tomorrow.” Emily Davis/ Kimper, KY / Biology