Seen. Supported. Celebrated! Grounded in love, humanity, and education, Equity and Inclusive Excellence engages
                     the Goucher community and transforms the student experience to further our college
                     principles of service and social justice. We at Goucher College are dedicated to social justice, diversity, and multiculturalism
                     as fundamental components of our mission and ethos. We champion an inclusive community,
                     embrace and respect different perspectives, and value diversity in all its forms and
                     intersections, including ability, age, culture, ethnicity, gender identity and expression,
                     nationality, race, religious and spiritual belief, sexual orientation, and socioeconomic
                     status. Understanding that power, privilege, and other forces of inequality play a
                     role in shaping our individual and collective experiences and identities, we are committed
                     to productive dialogue and meaningful action in addressing our differences. We approach
                     this ongoing work with courage, integrity, care, and respect. All students wonder how they'll fit in at college: At Goucher, we affirm and support the identities of all our students. Please see the
                     sidebar for information and resources to help you connect with different affinity
                     groups. The Division of Equity and Inclusive Excellence includes these programs and offices: The Center for Race, Equity, and Identity (CREI) transforms lives through community
                        building, education, engagement, and the exploration of identities. We strive to improve
                        the institutional advancement of all marginalized students, specifically students
                        of color, LGBTQIA+ students, and disabled students/students with disabilities. CREI The Office of Religious & Spiritual Life seeks to support the students, faculty, and
                           staff at Goucher College in living a whole-hearted and connected life. Our Chaplain,
                           along with Religious Advisors to the College, are available to members of our community
                           to offer spiritual counseling, support with religious accommodations, services for
                           major holidays, and opportunities for deep conversation and connection. Religious & Spiritual Life The LAUNCH Scholars Network is a cohort-based, comprehensive four-year initiative
                        designed for first-generation and Pell Grant-eligible students. This program facilitates
                        a smooth transition into college life, offers ongoing support throughout their academic
                        journey, equips them with essential skills and opportunities for future career endeavors,
                        and fosters a lifelong network extending far beyond graduation. The LAUNCH Scholars
                        Network is led by director Melissa Alexander, a member of the Goucher Community since
                        2021. Launch Scholars Network The Office of Title IX at Goucher is committed to cultivating and sustaining a campus
                        culture free from gender-based harm violence and grounded in healthy, pleasure-centered
                        relationship practices. The Office of Title IX is led by Kirsten Wood. You can schedule an appointment with
                        Kirsten at any time using the Office of Title IX’s Bookings page. The Office of Title
                        IX manages the Policy Against Discrimination & Harassment, which replaced both our
                        Sexual Misconduct and Non-Discrimination policies and their corresponding procedures.
                        A crucial detail to note about this update is that we will now be adjudicating all
                        allegations of bias, discrimination and harassment using the single-investigator procedural
                        model, which is outlined in the policy. You cansubmit a reportof bias, discrimination or harassment at online at any time through our website. Title IX  Meet the Staff Considering Goucher? Tell us your interests, and we’ll share information relevant to you. Talk to Us Do you want a close-knit community where you will be able to excel as a student and grow as a person? Goucher College might be just the place for you. Copyright©2024 Goucher CollegePrivacy Policy|Accessibility|About this Website