Mission:We provide leadership and expertise for helping the university achieve its diversity, equity and inclusion goals. Guided by social justice principles, we cultivate a vibrant learning and working community for all members. Vision:We envision a university that fully embraces diversity, equity and inclusion as morally right and educationally sound, and that centers the wellbeing of individuals and communities. ADA ComplianceLearn more about ADA Compliance and accessibility The ADA/504 coordinator's office addresses accessibility issues and reports of disability-based discrimination on campus, guiding the university's efforts to move beyond compliance and toward seamless access. Bias Incident Support ServicesLearn more about Bias Incident Support Services Bias Incident Support Services responds to hate-bias incidents; it also educates and reports to the campus about those incidents while providing support, guidance, expertise, and advocacy to community members. Diversity Training & EducationLearn more about Diversity Training and Education DTE provides campus-wide and unit-specific opportunities for diversity training, education, programming, and engagement. LGBTQ+ Equity Center The LGBTQ+ Equity Center works to establish and maintain a safe, inclusive, and welcoming campus environment for people of all sexual orientations and gender identities or expressions, serving UMD students, staff, faculty, and alumni. Nyumburu Cultural Center Nyumburu is Swahili for “freedom house” and has served the UMD community since 1971 as a foundation for Black social, cultural and intellectual interaction. Office of Multi-ethnic Student EducationLearn more about the Office Of Multi-Ethnic Student Education The Office of Multi-ethnic Student Education (OMSE) offers a variety of services and programs to enhance the learning experience and promote the academic success of underrepresented undergraduate students. TerrapinSTRONGLearn more about TerrapinSTRONG All new students, faculty and staff participate in TerrapinSTRONG onboarding, which welcomes participants to the University of Maryland, introduces UMD history and traditions, and underscores our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. This struggle may be a moral one, or it may be a physical one and it may be both moral and physical, but [it] must be a struggle. Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and never will. Frederick Douglass I am playing with my Self, I am playing with the world's soul, I am the dialogue between my Self and el espíritu del mundo. I change myself, I change the world. Gloria Anzaldúa Fall 2024 Bias Incident Support Services trainings and Circles Upcoming Stop the Hate anti-bias trainings and restorative circles Call for programs: Disability Awareness Month Submit your disability-related events for the October Disability Awareness Month calendar Join our team: Reparative histories and social justice project manager with The 1856 Project Applications are open to work with The 1856 Project, a joint project of ODI and the UMD Libraries Queer Winter Celebration Join UMD community members for an afternoon of community building, food, music, games and more! Queer Self and Community Care Workshop A workshop and discussions about what grind culture is, how it affects student, faculty, and staff leaders, and especially queer and trans folks. We will also discuss and plan stratagies to practice active rest. Lunch will be provided. RSVP at ... Special Edition Queer Recess:  HoliDIY Clay Trinkets Come make holiday trinkets out of clay! Turn them into earrings, a bracelet charm, or just as decoration. For questions or accommodations requests email lgbtq@umd.edu. The University of Maryland values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive and respectful campus for students, faculty and staff. If you have been impacted by hate, bias, intimidation, sexual misconduct or discrimination, you can file a report with the units here. You may also contact UMPD by calling: Emergency:911 or301-405-3333- Mobile Phone #3333 Non-Emergency:301-405-3555 DiverseTerps@umd.edu 301.405.2838call: 301-405-2838