 The aim of the education offered by St. John’s College is the liberation of the human intellect.This is an education for all, regardless of a person’s race, sex, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or gender identity and expression. By reading great books and struggling together with the fundamental questions that they raise, students and their teachers learn from their differences and discover more deeply their shared humanity. In this and other ways, a diversity of background and experience enriches our community of learning. —fromThe Statement of the Program St. John’s College is committed to providing our unique education to any student who seeks it out, regardless of who they are, who their family is, or where they live. We welcome students from all backgrounds to our Annapolis and Santa Fe campuses, including undocumented students. In recent years, our international student population has grown to comprise 20 percent of our student body. Across our entire student body, 35 percent identify as students of color. Our students also come from a wide variety of socioeconomic backgrounds, especially compared to many other top liberal arts colleges. About 20 percent of students are Pell recipients, and more than 15 percent are the first in their families to attend college. St. John’s is ranked a “best value” among liberal arts colleges due to our affordability, which is made possible through a combination of our $36,040 tuition, need-based financial aid, and merit scholarships. In summer 2020, St. John’s College launched the inaugural ​​​​Pritzker Promise Bridge Program. Taking place on both campuses, the program aims to prepare new Johnnies from all backgrounds develop successful academic skills and study habits, access free guidance and support, and build strong relationships with faculty and peers prior to the opening seminar. St. John’s has students of all genders, and has an active LGBTQ+ community, earning the college a #20 ranking by the Princeton Review for being LGBTQ-friendly. St. John’s students come from various thought, religious, faith, and no faith backgrounds across a wide spectrum. The college prides itself as a home for students who engage in civil discourse—in and out of the classroom—despite their differences. And because St. John’s breaks the educational mold, we attract students from different educational backgrounds as well. Some Johnnies come to campus having attended public, private, and parochial high schools. Others have gone to high schools overseas, been in the military, or earned their GEDs. More than 8 percent were homeschooled. You can view the currentfreshman class profile here. Though Johnnies on both campuses follow the same Program of study, their interests, backgrounds, and beliefs are anything but homogenous. This diversity is reflected in all clubs and organizations, but many groups specifically focus on culture, background, sexual orientation, and religion. If there’s an activity or organization that doesn’t yet exist at the college, students may launch their own with a group of likeminded students. A few of the many types of student-led groups include: In summer 2020, St. John’s College launched the inaugural Pritzker Promise Bridge Program. Taking place on both campuses, the program aims to prepare new Johnnies from all backgrounds develop successful academic skills and study habits, access free guidance and support, and build strong relationships with faculty and peers prior to the opening seminar. The Board of Visitors and Governors of St. John’s College has formed two Task Forces to ensure the college reaches its community and educational ideals, in which students from all backgrounds feel welcome and supported at St. John’s. In 2021, St. John’s became the first New Mexico institution to be given the First-gen Forward designation, a recognition of our commitment to improving college experiences and academic outcomes for first-generation students. Joan Cole made history as one of the first Black women to enroll at St. John’s College. Cole was among the college’s “Magnificent Seven,” a self-described cohort of Black students who enrolled at St. John’s before the U.S. Supreme Court’s 1954 Brown vs. Board of Education decision that state laws establishing separate public schools for students of different races were unconstitutional. As an institution of higher education, St. John’s College is committed to providing programs, activities, and an educational environment that is free from all sex-based discrimination. St. John’s College has no religious affiliation, but it is a community that welcomes and includes students of all religious and spiritual backgrounds. The college offers many co-curricular opportunities to hear from and study diverse thinkers, scholars, and authors. These include our Dean’s Lecture Series, preceptorials, study groups, and more. In 1952, W. E. B. Du Bois delivered an historic lecture at the Annapolis campus, the only author in the college’s reading list to have spoken at St. John’s College. Both campuses commemorated the 70th anniversary of this important event by holding all-college seminars on the speech that he gave. 60 College Avenue Annapolis, MD 21401 410-263-2371 1160 Camino de Cruz Blanca Santa Fe, NM 87505 505-984-6000 To send gifts to the college via mail:St. John’s College, PO Box 715905, Philadelphia, PA 19171-5905 Annapolis Directions & Maps Contact Annapolis Subscribe to Annapolis Emails Annapolis HotelsandB&Bs Santa Fe Directions & Maps Contact Santa Fe Subscribe to Santa Fe Emails Santa Fe Hotels © 2024 St. John's College