McDaniel College was the first coeducational college south of the Mason-Dixon Line, and one of the first coeducational colleges in the nation. We strive to continue this tradition of social justice by committing ourselves to being a diverse and inclusive community. We are guided by our First Principles, which compel us to place students at the center of a humane environment and demand that we respect others and share responsibility for the common good. McDaniel College was the first coeducational college south of the Mason-Dixon Line, and one of the first coeducational colleges in the nation. We strive to continue this tradition of social justice by committing ourselves to being a diverse and inclusive community. We are guided by our First Principles, which compel us to place students at the center of a humane environment and demand that we respect others and share responsibility for the common good. The mission of the Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (ODEI) is to provide visible leadership and direction for the College’s efforts on behalf of diversity, equity, inclusion and justice, to promote diversity awareness and understanding within the larger campus community, to foster community and advocate for changes so that students and employees feel they belong, be a resource to students, faculty and staff in their efforts on behalf of diversity and inclusion, and advocate on behalf of minoritized communities. Support students and employees to make sure they know they are important to the college and that they belong. Revise the curricula, policies, and practices of our institution to provide a more diverse, inclusive, and holistic educational experience. Continue, create, implement, and sustain policies and practices that provide for a more equitable and inclusive environment. Establish and maintain connections within Westminster and Carroll County at large, especially with those who work towards DEI and influence the surrounding community. “Reaching New Heights: McDaniel College Strategic Plan 2022-2027” shapes McDaniel’s future by guiding the direction, priorities, and investments for the college. By concentrating on values of inclusivity, authenticity, a focus on the individual, lifelong learning, equity, and generosity, the plan further positions McDaniel as an innovative liberal arts college focused on student achievement and professional success. A key part of the discussions in the development of the strategic plan was about the role of diversity, equity, inclusion, and justice (DEIJ). Rather than setting just one specific initiative or goal addressing DEIJ, the plan was evaluated through the lens of DEIJ at each phase, with DEIJ integrated throughout. Each of the four initiatives have DEIJ-related goals and objectives. We realize that to ensure a truly diverse and inclusive campus, we must evaluate the point of entry to the college. Our admissions process is designed to identify and eliminate implicit bias and provide all applicants with a fair review. In addition to comprehensive training for admissions staff, we regularly review our admission policies and practices with the goal of increasing access. As part of these efforts, McDaniel has committed to: Additionally, McDaniel College admissions staff works hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with school counselors so that counselors feel comfortable advocating for students throughout the admissions process. McDaniel College recognizes how important it is to have the ability to be addressed by the name that an individual prefers. Accordingly, procedures for preferred name policy are set and are intended to provide guidance to help individuals navigate college systems and make adjustments where needed. Though some offices must utilize a students legal name (Financial Aid, for example), every effort is made to respect our student's chosen name. Additionally, McDaniel College provides more than a dozen all-gender restrooms across campus. We believe that the removal of gender designation from restrooms is a meaningful step forward in our commitment to inclusive excellence. Interfaith Celebration & Service :The Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion hosts several interfaith events each semester in hopes to include all those of diverse religious, spiritual and ethical beliefs. The Interfaith Celebration:this is a semesterly celebration hosted by the ODEI in collaboration with the cultural and religious student organizations with the goal of deepening individuals understanding of other’s faith and value. The Interfaith Service:The ODEI and the Associate Provost for Equity and Belonging host one Interfaith Service a year to foster a sense of community and belonging. This year, the Interfaith Service will take place on Parent’s Weekend. Interfaith Community Dinners:The ODEI hosts several semesterly community dinners for all employees to bring together McDaniel staff and faculty and provide a space for discussions. Approved by the Board of Trustees, August 2020 We are a community dedicated to excellence in the liberal arts, and as such, we welcome the contributions of divergent perspectives and experiences that strengthen the educational experience. Our community is fully committed to breaking down the walls of division, rejecting acts of exclusion, and challenging injustice, prejudice, and ethnocentrism. We seek to promote the presence and expressions of all groups, including those historically and/or currently marginalized. We recognize that the list is evolving and that creating opportunities for dialogue and mechanisms for actions will create an inclusive, open, and accessible community. Action and accountability lead to creating a better world through social change locally and globally. We strive to cultivate the skills needed to become competent, productive leaders and allies in a pluralistic and diverse world. In this spirit, we will actively attract, recruit, and retain diverse students, faculty, and staff by dedicating ourselves to Be it resolved by the Board of Trustees of McDaniel College that Black lives matter, that our College fully supports equity for and the inclusion of  Black lives, and that on campus and in campus publications, our College must support and promote Black Lives Matter as a phrase as part of our anti-racist mission and our First Principles.The college is committing to supporting all of its community members. This is an example of how we internally support and celebrate our members. Felicia Ellzy brings her passion for supporting students into her role as director of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at McDaniel. “I was born to educate and love,” she says. She holds a B.A. and M.Ed. from Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania. Her professional career includes experience as a family counselor, a director of curriculum and instruction, and an educator in Pennsylvania. What’s your background? Where were you before you came to McDaniel? I am an educator at heart. Throughout the entirety of my professional career, I’ve served students, staff, and stakeholders while working with diverse populations to cultivate welcoming and productive environments. On McDaniel’s campus, as the director of the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, I utilize those knowledge-based practices to further help the students navigate their collegiate careers. Why did you choose McDaniel as a place to work? What inspired you most to become part of the Hill? I chose McDaniel because of the values of the institution as well as the intimate atmosphere. Dr. Richard Smith, associate provost for equity and belonging, is among the reasons I joined McDaniel; he provides a safe and welcoming environment for his colleagues to express creativity and strength. What do you hope students take away from their time at McDaniel? I hope all McDaniel students become active citizens and lifelong learners. I hope students reflect on McDaniel and see it as their home away from home. Alumni should view McDaniel as a place they are eager to visit and share all the time, talent, and treasure they’ve gathered along their journey.