Washington College is committed to fostering a stronger culture of equity and inclusion
                                 on campus and in the community. Diversity is a human asset. It signifies that any significant difference that distinguishes
                           one individual from another is considered a human quality to be treasured and included
                           in the social dynamic, instead of being considered a hurdle for human interaction
                           and comprehension. Embracing diversity often means a shift in values and mindsets. Being diverse is not enough, if social relations are not fair and only a few individuals
                           can be successful. The desire of and the effective increasing of diversity is the
                           first step in the quest for social justice. Increasing diversity of underrepresented
                           or marginalized groups in an ethical imperative. Once diversity has been increased,
                           inclusion and integration come to play. Inclusion means to provide individuals with
                           a sense of belonging that might surpass the individuals’ own group identities. A culture
                           of inclusion strengthens the individual’s attachment to a larger community. Once included,
                           individuals need to feel that their chances to succeed are as equal as anybody else’s.
                           A culture of equity guarantees that people would be able to access the necessary resources
                           to their own success and to the success of their multiple communities. We, the students, faculty, staff, and Board of Visitors and Governors of Washington
                           College, welcome, invite, value, and support a diverse community of individuals. We
                           strive to create a place where all can study, work, and thrive. We believe in the
                           worth, dignity, and safety of human beings of all races, ethnicities, nationalities,
                           gender identities and/or expressions, sexual orientations, socioeconomic statuses,
                           cultural backgrounds, cognitive or physical abilities, emotional and behavioral characteristics,
                           ages, and educational levels. In the pursuit of academic excellence, we endeavor to
                           be a community made up of people from a variety of backgrounds with differing perspectives,
                           life experiences, religious, philosophical, and political beliefs, lifestyles, and
                           ideologies. We pledge to create a respectful and supportive environment for collaboration, empathy,
                           and the building of meaningful relationships among members of Washington College.
                           We commit to fostering a more equitable, inclusive, and engaged community that embraces
                           all the complexity that each person brings to campus. Our promise is to cultivate a continuous desire and ability to understand and meaningfully
                           engage with different perspectives and experiences, including those of historically
                           underrepresented and marginalized groups. We seek to contribute to the full intellectual
                           and emotional development of every person and to the enrichment of our local, regional,
                           national, and global communities.  Chesapeake Heartland is a collaboration between the National Museum of African American
                                    History and culture, Washington College, and an array of local organizations including
                                    Sumner Hall, Kent Cultural Alliance, and Kent County Public Library. Its mission is
                                    to preserve, digitize, interpret, and make accessible materials related to African
                                    American history and culture in Kent County. CHESAPEAKE HEARTLAND  Since the Spring of 2018, Professor of History Carol Wilson has led teams of undergraduates
                                    investigating Washington College's connection to enslavement, sharing the stories
                                    of slaveholders associated with the institution as well as those of enslaved people
                                    and free blacks working on campus. SLAVERY AND FREEDOM AT WASHINGTON COLLEGE The Intercultural Ambassadors (IAs) are students from diverse backgrounds that represent
                                    different cultural and life experiences. IAs represent identities that include: first-generation
                                    students, the LGBT community, international students, students of color, faith and
                                    non-faith efforts on campus, gender, students with disabilities, non-traditional students,
                                    and students from low socioeconomic backgrounds. The Ambassadors serve as liaisons
                                    to the office by providing programming and outreach opportunities that support these
                                    specific communities to create a better understanding of different cultural experiences.
                                    IAs develop the monthly office newsletters, market events, and manage social media
                                    accounts. INTERCULTURAL AMBASSADORS Celebrations - Black Heritage Month and LatinX Heritage Month  The goal of LatinX Heritage Month, each September, is for students and our campus
                                       community to experience the beauty and complexity of Spanish culture, and hopefully
                                       gained more appreciation of Spanish-speaking cultures and their legacies in the US.The LatinX Heritage Month 2019 featured Dr. Paul Ortiz (U of FLorida) and activist
                                       Josie Valadez Freire. During Black History Month in February, we honor the too-often neglected accomplishments
                                    of Black Americans in every area of endeavor throughout U.S. History. Black History
                                    Month 2020 included a day of service on Martin Luther King, Jr.'s Day, the African-American
                                    Read-In, the MLK Read-In, racial equity training, a talk by author David Blight, and
                                    the MSG Blues Trio concert, among many other events. Members of the College community join hands with community partners to celebrateLegacy Day and Community Unity Day.  The Washington College History Project takes as its charge the honest and forthright
                                 examination of the institution’s troubling historical legacy of racism and the urgent
                                 need to acknowledge and reconcile this history in order to dismantle racial injustices
                                 in the present moment.  This project, launched during the summer of 2020 by the President
                                 of the College, is the institution's path forward toward change on our campus and
                                 in our campus culture in response to this historical legacy. THE WASHINGTON COLLEGE HISTORY PROJECT This center, located in the Casey Academic Center, provides the College community
                              with cultural, educational, and social events that uniquely illuminate the particular
                              experiences of African Americans. The Center seeks to preserve and promote African American culture through: CENTER FOR THE STUDY OF BLACK CULTURE  ©2024 Washington College 2024 Washington College