BC.EDU LINKS Jesuit education is rooted in a world view that respects all cultures and faith traditions. Boston College strives to ensure that all students, faculty, and staff feel they are valued members of our University community. School of Theology and Ministry Ph.D. student Armando Guerrero Estrada is one of 12 scholars chosen for 2023. Vincent D. Rougeau, president of the College of Holy Cross and former BC Law School dean, will be honored for his distinguished service to law and humanity. Scholars Heather DuBois and Jaime Waters explore the theological and ministerial implications of suffering. For the first time, there are two winners of the annual BC award. Meet Class of 2024 members Kevin Lopez and Jonathan Mora.  More News Boston College strives to ensure individuals with disabilities feel welcomed, have the support they need, and have equal access to all resources. Courageous Conversations Towards Racial Justice is a dialogue-centered initiative on racism and privilege designed to address racial healing, equity, and justice. This forum provides a meeting place for dialogue about race and racism in the U.S., while serving as a catalyst for bridging differences, promoting reconciliation, and encouraging new perspectives. Boston College is dedicated to fostering a welcoming, safe, and inclusive environment for all students and to positively impact and improve the LGBTQ+ student experience. A campus-wide network of assistance, mentorship, and support for students with high financial need to help them achieve a successful experience at BC. Supports the mission of the University by promoting a culture that embraces diversity and inclusion for all members of the Boston College community. This center supports and empowers undergraduate students, with a particular focus on AHANA, multicultural, and multiethnic issues. Boston College proudly welcomes all veterans of the United States Armed Forces and is committed to helping them find the resources they require to thrive here. The Women’s Center was founded in 1973 to support, educate, and empower Boston College students of all genders in an inclusive and welcoming space. 36% AHANAstudents  267 first-generation college students  168 international students  Boston College students talk about their experiences as members of the AHANA (African, Hispanic, Asian, and Native American) community on the Heights. Boston College senior Monica Sanchez reflects on her experience of choosing Boston College and shares her perspective as a first generation college student now approaching graduation. Senior Hariharan Shanmugam talks about his experience as a Boston College student and member of the AHANA (African, Hispanic, Asian, and Native American) community. Boston College senior Gordon Chang offers advice to incoming and new students who may be part of the AHANA (African, Hispanic, Asian, and Native American) community.  Getting to know Boston College, one Eagle at a time.Created by Jenna Corcoran '17, Curated by BC Social Team More About Humans of BC BC highlights issues of diversity in lectures, colloquia, conferences, and other events. TheBoston College Career Centerempowers all students to pursue meaningful careers and lives. Specific career readiness resources are available for: AHANA studentsInterntational studentsLGBTQ+ studentsStudents with disabilitiesVeteransWomen In the tradition of Ignatian spirituality, Boston College offers several retreat experiences to meet a range of spiritual needs for students, faculty, and staff of all faiths. Retreat Opportunities Careers at BC Give