Together, we strive to create an environment that values diversity, promotes an inclusive culture, and establishes a profound sense of belonging for each member of our community. Loretta Lynch invoked the words of Martin Luther King Jr. in calling on a campus audience to reclaim his legacy in the face of the “reversal of decades of progress.” Sherri Ann Charleston Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer Alan M. Garber President of Harvard University The Office for Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging works with stakeholders and partners across the University to guide Harvard’s culture toward inclusive excellence. Subscribe to the newsletter for the latest news and events Learn more about the office Harvard University Disability Resources provides leadership to University efforts to ensure an accessible, inclusive welcoming learning and working environment for individuals with disabilities while complying with federal and state regulations. Learn more about the resources Explore the ways that we’re turning goals and ideas into actions and results. Need support? Explore our resources All community members at Harvard have access to a wide array of resources across campus. Ongoing events for students, staff, faculty, and our local and global community. The Culture Lab’s grants, programs, and initiatives encourage experimentation and innovation to build a sense of belonging and empowerment for everyone at Harvard. Office for Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging A series for Harvard students, faculty, and staff to share their personal experiences and perspectives in their own words. Meet more members of the Harvard community Find more events around diversity and inclusion Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Commemorative Lecture at Harvard Explore the Harvard Gazette’s ongoing coverage of diversity and inclusion, on and off campus. Find more news from Harvard New investments and realignment of resources aim to create greater access for Harvard faculty, students, and staff. Copyright © 2024 The President and Fellows of Harvard College