In every aspect of our community, Holy Cross champions diversity, equity, and inclusion. As a Jesuit, Catholic liberal arts college, we know that the best way to understand the world around us is to embrace the full spectrum of perspectives and life experiences. To that end, we welcome students, staff and faculty members of every gender, race, religion, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status and gender identity. We also encourage all community members to think critically about disparities in social structures, and to take action toward positive change. The Office of Justice, Equity, Belonging, and Identity leads the effortsto promote and further the College’s commitment to diversity, inclusion, and social justice..  Holy Cross regularly sponsors events that explore issues of diversity. Supporting first-generation students starts before they arrive on campus and extends to graduation and beyond. Learn about programs and resources that are available for those who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer/questioning, intersex, asexual/aromantic, and other underrepresented sexual orientations and gender identities. The Office of International Students ensures the successful transition of students from the first year through graduation and beyond. No matter your passion, we have a club to match your interest. Check out our more than 100 academic, service, athletic, media, multicultural, peer education, arts, philanthropic, religious, and special interest clubs. Affinity groups like Sister to Sister and Outfront are open to Holy Cross staff and faculty, helping to ensure that we provide support for all. Our award-winning student orientation programs provide a welcoming and informative introduction to the campus and community. Holy Cross offers accommodations and services for students and staff members with disabilities, ensuring they can take full advantage of their time on The Hill. The College is committed to providing an environment of well-being, learning, and accountability for its members by preventing the occurrence of sexual misconduct and addressing its effects. Our standards of conduct, including human sexuality, must affirm the integrity and dignity of oneself and others.  The Campus Climate Initiative is a community-wide effort toward building the welcoming, inclusive and respectful environment that we seek at Holy Cross. It consists of two distinct, but related areas: Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion and Sexual Respect. The College of the Holy Cross does not discriminate unlawfully in admission to, access to, treatment in or employment in its programs and activities on the basis of a person's race, religion, color, national origin, age, marital or parental status, veteran status, sex, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected status, including in the administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. Individuals who feel that they have been discriminated against based upon any of these categories may contact the Director of the Office of Title IX and Equal Opportunity.Read the College's full Nondiscrimination Statement. College of the Holy Cross • 1 College Street, Worcester, MA 01610 •508-793-2011 © 2024 College of the Holy Cross. All rights reserved.