The Common App is now open—apply to Merrimack today! No application fee or test scores required. The Common App is now open—apply to Merrimack today! No app fees or test scores required. Merrimack College’s founding values of teaching, learning and serving inform the institution’s unwavering commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. We work on building and nurturing a culturally, racially diverse community, anchored in intersectional justice and respect for all identities and differences. Merrimack College’s commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion has been implemented as a pillar in our new five-year strategic plan, the Agenda for the Future (AFF). Inspired by our Catholic Augustinian mission and values, the College is more committed than ever to fostering a culture that values and nurtures diversity, inclusion and a sense of belonging for all, across racial, cultural, political and other identities. In accordance to the AFF and the institutional initiatives we seek to: For more information on the vision please visit Merrimack College’sAgenda for the Future. Merrimack has been focused on advancing diversity, equity and inclusion for more than a decade. Our efforts have led to the creation of particular programs and initiatives tailored to increase access and to promote diversity and inclusion. Merrimack College is dedicated to providing yearly stapled events, Breaking Bread andUnity in Diversity days, to cultivate and foster the growth of DEI. TheEarly College Programoffers a unique dual enrollment option for high school students from Abbott Lawrence Academy, the honors program within Lawrence High School. Participants earn college credits on Merrimack’s campus. Our program provides a viable, affordable pathway to college for underrepresented students. The Office of Intercultural Initiativescelebrates cultural diversity and provides education on systemic inequalities. In addition to the ongoing work ofaffinity groupsandUnity House programming, the office has developed an advocacy and support group of faculty and staff of color, and created a diversity coalition. There are several staff and faculty employee resource groups that have been active on campus, creating space for like-minded people to connect with and support one another and to explore ways to collaborate with student groups that share their identities and passion. Each year, thePioneer Scholars Programoffers up to ten Abbott Lawrence Academy students a full scholarship to Merrimack College covering tuition, room and board, fees and books. If you are concerned about any issues related to diversity, equity and inclusion, please do not hesitate to contact us. You mayemail uswith questions or submit a concern via ourbias report. Merrimack College, and the McCoy Gallery proudly presents, Little Green, new works by renowned artist Resa Blatman! Blatman’s exhibition opens September 20th and runs through November 8th 315 Turnpike StreetNorth Andover, MA 01845(978) 837-5000Directions