Mount Holyoke is relentlessly working to create a more just and equitable future. As a community, we are committed to this goal, and to the challenging conversations and bold actions required to realize it. This means respecting context and reflecting community; listening with intent and responding with care. And most importantly, it means taking whatever path we must — or making new ones — to build a safer and freer world for us all. Mount Holyoke College strives to build and maintain a campus environment that is inclusive, pluralistic and free of discrimination. Diversity, equity and inclusion efforts extend beyond specific departments and are embedded in all areas of the College. Diversity and inclusion efforts focus on understanding our community's multiple identities through the lens of social justice education, ally development and identity development. The College acknowledges and values the intersections of race/ethnicity, gender, class, sexual orientation, ability, age, national origin and religious/spiritual identities in the classroom, in cocurricular activities and in personal relationships. In addition, we seek to generate connection and communication rather than polarization around these facets of identity. We were among the first women’s colleges founded in the United States, and in 2014, we became the first Seven Sisters college to welcome trans students. BOOM is a day dedicated to addressing the historical and contemporary realities of injustices, oppression and hierarchy. An annual opportunity to bring together students, faculty, staff and alums, to build upon the anti-racist momentum we work to create each day and to embolden our efforts to realize a more sensitive, inclusive and safe campus community. Learn more about our ongoing commitments and actions that help us collectively build an anti-racist Mount Holyoke. You belong at Mount Holyoke. We’re here to welcome, support and help you grow throughout your time on campus. Alongside our community, these offices, groups and opportunities can help you along the way. DEI programming, education and resources on everything from social justice to identity development to religion and spirituality. Choose from six safe places that offer support, community, education, networking and sanctuary. Take part in a vibrant and diverse spiritual community. As an institution, we are committed to ensuring that all members of our community can quickly access people, programs and policies that will help us all feel safe, welcome and respected. Steps for reporting a bias incident or hate crime. Read Mount Holyoke’s Title IX, non-discrimination, undergraduate admission and other key policies. The DEI Advisory Committee serves as a body of diverse representatives at Mount Holyoke that provide perspective, context and recommendations in response to ongoing actions taken by the College to ensure all members of the community are valued, respected and supported. The Committee is charged with promoting and supporting the efforts of the Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion aimed at improving the campus’s climate, sense of belongingness and education of anti-racism, anti-bias and anti-discriminatory practices. The DEI Initiative Steering Committee consists of students, faculty and staff and is tasked with designing and implementing a DEI initiative aligned with the Plan for Mount Holyoke 2023. Happening on Campus The annual Noche Latina celebration has returned to Chapin Auditorium after being held elsewhere on campus for two years. The night was jam-packed with food, fun and community. Naomi Dupre-Edelman, assistant director of math leadership programs at Mount Holyoke College, is one of 26 people named to the Massachusetts Education Policy Fellowship program held by the Rennie Center for Education Research & Policy. Artist Harmonia Rosales spoke at the Mount Holyoke College Art Museum about her work, including her painting “The Harvest.” 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Connect with Us Mount Holyoke College is a women’s college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law.