Bring your authentic self to Mount Holyoke. We are a community of individuals — each with our own perspectives, beliefs and experiences — who are here because we want to engage with and celebrate what’s exceptional about each of us. Here, community isn’t about conforming; it’s about belonging. Creating our community is an ongoing process that we undertake together in order to build a place where every person feels welcome, respected and valued. Diversity, Equity and InclusionAnti-Racism Action PlanDivision of Student Life Anti-racism Statement Office of Community and Belonging International students First-generation and low income students Undocumented and DACA students LGBTQIA+ students Students with disabilities Whether you’re looking to connect with people who share your values, your background or your interests, there are many ways to create a community at Mount Holyoke that feels right for you. To get some inspiration and ideas from your fellow students, visit We Are Mount Holyoke. Connect with others who share your beliefs and values for regular worship, holidays and interfaith events. Take part in our community’s long tradition of advocating for a better, more inclusive world, including through our MoZone Peer Education Program and Intergroup Dialogue. Join us for support, education, resources and celebration in these safe spaces. These hubs provide resources, key information and answers for students who identify as members of these important communities. For more information, please contact the Office of Community and Belonging. Resources and support for international students. Resources and support for native/indigenous students. Resources and support for first-generation and low-income students. Resources and support for undocumented and DACA students. Resources and support for LGBTQIA+ students. Resources and support for students with disabilities. Campus Voices Academic Excellence Qiana Pierre ’23 she/her BIPOC Lupe Antonio Lopez ’23 she/her Brigid Mullen ’25 she/her Alex Berg ’23 she/they Carissa Barry-Moilanen ’23 she/they The Office of Community and Belonging provides programs that support social justice education, dialogue, celebration and identity development. 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Connect with Us Mount Holyoke College is a women’s college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law.