Keep up with all the ways in which the Mount Holyoke community is pushing the limits of human knowledge, building lasting bonds and leading the way forward — on campus and around the world. Narrow down the list by selecting multiple topics. The annual Noche Latina celebration has returned to Chapin Auditorium after being held elsewhere on campus for two years. The night was jam-packed with food, fun and community. Naomi Dupre-Edelman, assistant director of math leadership programs at Mount Holyoke College, is one of 26 people named to the Massachusetts Education Policy Fellowship program held by the Rennie Center for Education Research & Policy. Artist Harmonia Rosales spoke at the Mount Holyoke College Art Museum about her work, including her painting “The Harvest.” Prentis Hemphill ’04 will be at Mount Holyoke College to discuss their book “What It Takes To Heal.” The book poses the question: ““What would it do to movements, to our society and culture, to have the principles of healing at the very center?” The Intergroup Dialogue Center at Mount Holyoke College reached a new, major milestone by securing its first round of philanthropic investment from its most recent board chair, Karena Strella ’90. For the fifth consecutive year, Mount Holyoke College has received the 2024 Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award from Insight Into Diversity. Mount Holyoke College alum Earl Wren ’24 is the recipient of the AHEAD Student Recognition Award for their work amplifying student-led networks of accessibility and disability support and providing critical feedback to the Disability Services office. President Danielle R. Holley shared some insights with MassLive on her experience as Mount Holyoke College’s first permanent president who is a woman of color amid the growing list of presidents stepping down from roles at academic institutions. New faculty at Mount Holyoke College Chloe Pak Drummond is a botanist and evolutionary biologist. She works with students to answer integrated evolutionary questions using field-based, molecular and bioinformatic techniques. Mount Holyoke College President Danielle R. Holley appeared on NBC News to discuss the impact that the Supreme Court's reversal of affirmative action has had on college admissions. 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Connect with Us Mount Holyoke College is a women’s college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law.