MCLA is committed to creating a campus culture that values, represents, and honors
                  diversity. We actively endeavor to recruit and retain diverse students, faculty, and
                  staff. MCLA fosters meaningful dialogue both in and out of the classroom in order to encourage
                  critical awareness, respect, and appreciation for similarities and differences. We
                  strive to critically address dynamics of inequality, and encourage collaboration and
                  purposeful engagement to achieve social justice on campus and in the community. MCLA is committed to creating an equitable and inclusive campus community where all
                           students, faculty, and staff have the knowledge, skills, and habits of mind necessary
                           to live in a diverse, globally integrated world. The Committee on Diversity, Equity,
                           and Inclusion is an integral aspect of this work Throughout the year DEI supports a variety of events to promote its core values of
                           diversity, equity and inclusion. We'll keep expanding this section in the weeks and
                           months ahead as new events are added. The Multicultural Education Resource Center encourages cross-cultural relations, student
                              empowerment, and leadership especially for ALANA, international, and veteran students. MCLA has a rich history of uplifting and empowering it’s queer and women students
                              through safe spaces like the Identity & Gender Equality Resource Center and the Women’s
                              Center. This year, we are proud to bring our efforts into the future, with a new,
                              combined Gender and Sexuality Center! The goal of the dialogues is to bring about intimate discussions and awareness on
                           race unity or any other social issue that arise on campuses across America. Resources for the MCLA community. In an effort to continue to create a safe and welcoming environment for all, MCLA
                           monitors any trends related to bias incidents, and develops strategies to inform and
                           educate the campus.  As associate director of MCLA's diversity programs and Multicultural Education Resource
                              Center (MERC), Arlene Theodore is a mentor, a passionate advocate for students of
                              color, and a content expert who is working across campus to make sure everyone understands
                              that diversity, equity, and inclusion work requires the entire community's participation. MCLA's Berkshire Cultural Resource Center produced an extensive slate of virtual programming,
                              exhibitions, and discussions this academic year, all focused on using art as a catalyst
                              for advocacy and a deeper understanding of current social issues like immigration,
                              racism, and public health. Before the pandemic, the MCLA Volunteer Center was running regular weekly programs,
                              with participation from more than 200 student volunteers and community members. The
                              COVID-19 pandemic forced it to pivot, but the staff and student volunteers rose to
                              the occasion, expanding food pantry access, developing virtual programming, and keeping
                              as much of its usual activities going as possible despite pandemic restrictions.  375 Church Street North Adams, MA 01247