 We at MCLA and in the Institution for Equity and Belonging know that college campuses
                  help shape the future. And we also know that the future of social justice work goes
                  far beyond tolerance, or even acceptance. The future of social justice celebrates,
                  uplifts, and empowers. It knows when to listen and when to speak up. It values learning
                  and education as much as action. It leads with radical compassion and empathy. And
                  of course, as our students know, it makes use of all of the tools available to us
                  in the modern age. These are the values we aim to foster in our students in their time here, and we know
                  how important it is for them to have those experiences both in and out of the classroom.
                   That is why we have created multiple spaces on our campus for students to share experiences,
                  build community, learn and grow as they dive into both their lives experiences and
                  identities, and explore those of others. Our students, staff, and institution aim
                  to shape the future together by embracing and uplifting diversity in all its forms
                  as an agent of social change toward the future we all deserve.  The Multicultural Center and its affiliate space, the Empowerment Lounge provide space,
                           resources, access to shared community, and programming for African, Latino, Asian,
                           Native American, (ALANA) and international students. The MERC offers the opportunity
                           for students to be unapologetically and authentically themselves, to celebrate diversity,
                           to foster inclusion, and to access a variety of tools and resources for student belonging
                           and success. The Gender & Sexuality Center provides a safe space, resources, programming, and opportunities
                           for community building for all genders and sexualities, including women, members of
                           the LGBTQIA+ community, and exploration of healthy masculinity. The GSC offers a variety
                           of opportunities to build community amongst those of shared experiences, to strengthening
                           knowledge & awareness of issues that face each group, and to  growing skills of advocacy
                           and activism. The Veteran's Resources Center provides a space, resources, and opportunities to build
                           community with folks of shared experiences for veteran students on campus. The VRC
                           aims to ensure that veteran students find a home on campus and have access to the
                           tools and resources they need to find success in college and in life. The VRC is located on the top floor or Venable Hall, directly across from the back
                           entrance. The Office of Institutional Equity and Belonging works closely with a variety of clubs
                  and student-run groups to ensure an opportunity for all students to find a home here
                  at MCLA, to explore themselves, to meet others with shared experiences, and to learn
                  more about experiences that aren't their own and how to show up in allyship.  Our department newsletter is released twice per semester and is designed to give you
                  the inside scoop on everything diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging here at
                  MCLA. Each newsletter includes sections, such as semi-semester updates, upcoming programs
                  and events, workshop and training opportunities, events, community work opportunities,
                  resources and a Trailblazer Spotlight!    We encourage all students to take advantage of all resources available across our
                  campus in order to thrive at MCLA  We encourage all members of our community to keep growing and learning in their allyship.
                  No matter which communities we stand as an ally to, there is always more work to be
                  down and more to learn. Allyship is active and we are committed to doing our part. September 21, 2023; 1:00-2:30 EST [Virtual]“Leading for Racial Equity During the Counteroffensive”Dr. Tia Brown McNairVice President for Diversity, Equity and Student Success and Executive Director for
                     the Truth and Racial Healing and Transformation Campus Centers, American Association
                     of Colleges and Universities October 10, 2023; 1:00-2:30 EST  [Virtual]“Validating Students’ Presence & Abilities: Practices of Belonging & Mattering”Dr. Isis Artze-Vega,College Provost and Vice President, Academic Affairs, Valencia College & Primary Author
                     of Norton’s Guide to Equity-Minded TeachingREGISTER HERE TO RECEIVE ZOOM LINK November 9, 2023; 1:00-2:30 EST  [Virtual]“Equity-minded Human Resources Practices”Dr. Román Liera,Assistant Professor, Educational Leadership, Montclair State UniversityREGISTER HERE TO RECEIVE ZOOM LINK February 1, 2024; 1:00-2:30 EST [Virtual]“Emotional Labor in Shared Equity Leadership Environments: Creating Emotionally Supportive
                        Spaces”Ms. Darsella Vigil,Senior Research Analyst, American Council on EducationREGISTER HERE TO RECEIVE ZOOM LINK March 21, 2024; 1:00-2:30 EST  [Virtual]“Racial Equity Policy Frameworks”Elena Quiroz-Livanis,Chief of Staff and Assistant Commissioner for Academic Policy and Student Success;Christine Williams,Assistant Commissioner for Regulatory Affairs and Strategic Initiatives at the MA
                     Department of Higher Education;Jinann Bitar,Director, Higher Education Research and Data Analytics;Wil Del Pilar,Senior Vice President;Victoria Jacson,Assistant Director of Higher Education Policy;Philip Martin,Director, Higher Education Policy Implementation at The Education TrustREGISTER HERE TO RECEIVE ZOOM LINK Safe Zone Workshops [IN PERSON, ON CAMPUS + ONLINE MODULES]Safe Zone offers 4 trainings on varying topic specific to creating safe spaces and
                     growing in allyship for the LGBTQIA+ community, with expanding offerings that increasingly
                     address intersectionality. Email Ara to sign up for an upcoming training or explore ourSAFE ZONE 1.0 ONLINE MODULESat your own pace!  What workshops, trainings, or programs would you like to see brought to MCLA to help
                        our community continue to foster and celebrate diversity, equity, belonging, inclusion,
                        and justice?  We are here to listen, help, and support you through your journey here at MCLA! Reach
                        out to set up a meeting. Arlene is a passionate educator, mentor, and leader. Her love and passion for social
                              justice is implemented in her everyday work. As a black woman who has attended predominantly
                              white Institutions her entire life, she seeks to help students of color navigate their
                              own personal experience and hardships while attending a PWI. Through a social justice
                              lens, Arlene aims to create more diverse, equitable and inclusive spaces on campus.
                              With extensive experience in the field of Higher Education, Arlene prides herself
                              on mastering the art of creating authentic, brave, bold, and safe spaces. The programs
                              that you can find her doing include Intersectionality, racial battle fatigue, cultural
                              identity, race relations, microaggressions, and white privilege. As a champion for
                              Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Justice she continues to serve as an advocate, a
                              resource, and a mentor for current students and her mentees who have graduated. Through
                              her trainings, programs, and workshops she aims to educate folks on the importance
                              of everyone doing “this work”, in an effort to be more of a compassionate and inclusive
                              campus that truly creates a sense of belonging. Passionate about social justice and intersectionality, Ara is a queer, nonbinary educator,
                              mentor, and coach. They draw on their experience in education, holistic wellness,
                              and the queer experience to create safe spaces that empower and uplift others to lead
                              with confidence, authenticity, and inclusivity. Ara loves integrating intersectionality
                              work and mindfulness practices to help students and staff prioritize their physical,
                              mental, and emotional wellbeing. Equally, they aim to approach programming through
                              an intersectional lens, creating space to discuss feminism, LGBTQIA+ identities, and
                              the intersections of other lived experiences (such as race, class, or disability)
                              as they aim to foster community, education, and activism. In their role at MCLA, Ara
                              serves as the professional staff leader for the Gender & Sexuality Center, serving
                              as a mentor for all LGBTQIA+ and women students, as an advisor for student-led affinity
                              groups, and as a program coordinator for the GSC.  375 Church Street North Adams, MA 01247