 As a public liberal arts institution in the 21st century, MCLA understands that diversity,
                        equity, and inclusion must be a cornerstone on which our success lays. To that end,
                        the College is committed to creating an equitable and inclusive campus community where
                        all students, faculty, and staff have the knowledge, skills, and habits of mind necessary
                        to live in a diverse, globally integrated world. The Committee on Diversity, Equity,
                        and Inclusion (CDEI) is an integral aspect of this work. Comprised of members from across all academic/administrative support divisions, CDEI
                        serves as a leadership council working with the Senior Advisor for Institutional Equity
                        & Belonging to help the College achieve its goals of promoting diversity and institutionalizing
                        equity and inclusion as core values. Specifically, Senior Advisor for Institutional
                        Equity & Belonging assesses, monitors and reports on progress toward achieving strategic
                        diversity goals; and reviews and revises MCLA's diversity goals and strategies. Primary
                        areas of focus include (1) diversity of the faculty, staff, and student bodies; (2)
                        campus culture and climate; (3) curricular and co-curricular diversity-centered learning
                        opportunities; and (4) institutional practices and policies. The Committee, though part of the governance structure at the College, will mirror
                        earlier grassroots efforts in many ways. It is deeply concerned with radical inclusion
                        and will allow all community members the ability to have their voice heard as well
                        as get involved with equity work. This new committee is meant to provide a level of
                        accountability without sacrificing the transparent nature of its earlier iteration.
                        Membership includes faculty, administrators, staff, undergraduate and graduate students,
                        community members, and alum. Among other things, CDEI will: The broader Committee will convene at least four times per academic year with subgroup
                        meetings monthly or bimonthly with subgroup chairs based on specific initiatives. The Committee recognizes the importance of sharing information as well as soliciting
                        and responding to feedback from members of the campus community. As advocates for
                        inclusion, the Committee values and promotes cross-collaboration; consults with faculty,
                        staff and campus offices; and regularly supports and participates in diversity enrichment
                        opportunities. Along with being composed of representatives from areas across the College, the membership
                        will reflect the diversity of the community in terms of social identity. Membership
                        will be based on many factors that include, but are not limited to: interest in advancing
                        diversity, equity, and inclusion at MCLA, any relevant expertise and/or experience
                        required to achieve Committee goals, leadership skills, and a willingness to commit
                        time and effort toward achieving MCLA's diversity vision. The Senior Advisor for Institutional Equity & Belonging engages with the entire campus
                           community to ensure that diversity, equity, and inclusion are valued reflected in
                           all areas of the college, and works with faculty, executive and administrative staff,
                           alumni, community partners, and students to direct, implement, and oversee institutional
                           planning on diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives that positively impact student
                           and employee experiences at MCLA. TheEqual Opportunitydirector oversees MCLA's compliance with our EO Plan, as well as with the state and
                           federal non-discrimination and equal opportunity laws. Anyone with questions, concerns
                           or complaints regarding discrimination, discriminatory harassment or retaliation may
                           contact the EO Officer. TheEqual Opportunitydirector oversees MCLA's compliance with our EO Plan, as well as with the state and
                           federal non-discrimination and equal opportunity laws. Anyone with questions, concerns
                           or complaints regarding discrimination, discriminatory harassment or retaliation may
                           contact the EO Officer. Institutional Researchworks to provide actionable research and reporting to our partners in DEI. We work
                           to provide this information in multiple ways so that we act upon trends and transform
                           numbers to individuals that our behind these numbers. We do this so that MCLA will
                           become a campus where all members of our community can learn, grow, and be themselves. The mission of MCLA Information Technology is to provide robust and reliable technology.
                           As the head of IT, the CIO ensures that the college’s technology and support services
                           are designed to eliminate barriers for our community. Through partnerships with colleagues
                           and our peers across the Commonwealth, the IT department leverages technology to expand
                           opportunities for underrepresented groups and ensures that we select technologies
                           that promote equity. TheMulticultural Education Resource Centerencourages cross-cultural relations, student empowerment, and leadership especially
                           for ALANA, international, and veteran students. Together we work to enlighten the
                           MCLA and local community about the value and contributions of many cultures and perspectives. The DEI Faculty Fellows work with the Senior Advisor for Institutional Equity & Belonging
                           to plan and implement professional development opportunities for faculty and support
                           faculty around inclusive pedagogy, communicating across difference, and locating curricular
                           resources. The Office ofDisability Resourcesis committed to providing reasonable accommodations to students with documented disabilities.
                           We work to provide students with equitable access to all MCLA programs and services.
                           Our philosophy and programs assist eligible students in fostering independence in
                           college to the fullest extent possible, embracing self-advocacy, and in developing
                           skills to transition and succeed in their careers. We believe that disability is a
                           natural part of human variation and an essential aspect of diversity. The DEI Faculty Fellows work with the Senior Advisor for Institutional Equity & Belonging
                           to plan and implement professional development opportunities for faculty and support
                           faculty around inclusive pedagogy, communicating across difference, and locating curricular
                           resources. MCLA Athleticsis committed to a providing a safe and inclusive environment, respecting differences
                           and encouraging social change. Our department strives to provide opportunities to
                           student-athletes of all identities. The Trailblazer DEI Working Group helps to shape
                           initiatives that address social injustices, identify current issues, and set goals
                           in providing a welcoming and supportive environment of diversity, equity, and inclusion
                           for both MCLA student-athletes and athletics department coaches and staff.  375 Church Street North Adams, MA 01247