Visit WheatonLearn about how and whenyou can visit our campus Request InfoReceive announcements and materialsbased upon your academic interests. Apply NowReady to apply? Check out ourrequirements and deadlines. Equality is woven into the fabric of who we are. Since our founding in 1834, Wheaton has focused on expanding who has access to a rigorous liberal arts education. Wheaton believes embracing diversity leads to personal growth, intellectual enrichment, freedom and social justice. We know that our ability to provide a transformative liberal arts education is predicated upon the collaborative and vibrant community that is at the heart of Wheaton’s innovative spirit. There is a thread of equity here at Wheaton. Now we’re making sure it’s woven into everything we do. 68% of our student body report having parental education. Our international students reside from 50+ countries across the world. More than one quarter of our current student community are students of color. Driving our commitment to equity and belonging is an ecosystem of professionally staffed initiatives and offices that work in tandem to maximize our ability to create an inclusive living, learning, and working environment. One office cannot do this alone. We work in partnership with the entire campus and the many thriving student-led organizations on campus to weave equity and belonging into everything we do. More about the Ecosystem of Equity The DEI Vision and Mission Statement provides a framework and an anchor for our campus to guide our work as we continually outline new action steps and refresh our Diversity and Inclusion Strategic Plan going forward. The campus community has outlined 10 specific action steps toward racial justice that we will undertake as a community to fulfill our mandate for institutional equity. This plan was developed by a campus-wide task force that worked throughout the 2016-2017 academic year.  The task force was charged with developing specific and measurable goals, evaluating our current efforts, and prioritizing unmet needs. Since our founding in 1834, Wheaton has focused on expanding who has access to a rigorous liberal arts education. In the last four years, Wheaton College has undertaken a significant amount of work to retool our approach to equity, accessibility, belonging, inclusion and social justice. Ongoing effortsHistorical efforts Wheaton has an original survey tool to help us gauge the inclusiveness of our campus environment Response to acts of discrimination, prejudice, and isms on campus DEAL Co-Chairs and Committees DEAL Co-Chairs and Committees Office for Institutional Equity and Belonging Office for Institutional Equity and Belonging At Wheaton, we are dedicated to providing continued opportunities for engagement and programming in advocacy. Our goal is to foster a stronger sense of community… How does the Wheaton experience allow for students to find their voice and be an advocate? Meet one student DEAL Senate member who is using… As a liberal arts institution rooted in the democratic ideals of equal access and opportunity, Wheaton College strives to help everyone in our community thrive… The Center for First-generation Student Success initiative of NASPA and The Suder Foundation announced the advancement of Wheaton College to the First Scholars phase of… Wheaton College is committed toprinciples of equal opportunityin admission of students, its educational programs and employment.  26 E. Main StreetNorton, MA02766508-286-8200