Home»About»Inclusion & Diversity The University of Olivet is unwavering in its belief that the future of humanity rests in the hands, hearts and minds of those who accept responsibility for themselves and others in an increasingly diverse society. To that end, students must immerse themselves in an active academic community that cherishes the diversity of thought and expression.From its beginning in 1844, The University of Olivet has believed education should be available to anyone regardless of gender, race or ability to pay. We are committed to providing a diverse campus community with an education that enriches lives intellectually, morally and spiritually.The Office of Inclusion and Diversity seeks to keep the University connected to our founding principles and ensure that we are available and accessible to the variety of individuals who learn and work at The University of Olivet.In maintaining and strengthening this commitment, the Office assists in adapting to the current and future issues that will confront Olivet and society regarding differences and similarities. The Office identifies the strengths, challenges and opportunities within the constructs of the institution related to diversity, inclusion and cultural competence. The University of Olivet is unwavering in its belief that the future of humanity rests in the hands, hearts and minds of those who accept responsibility for themselves and others in an increasingly diverse society. To that end, students must immerse themselves in an active academic community that cherishes the diversity of thought and expression. From its beginning in 1844, The University of Olivet has believed education should be available to anyone regardless of gender, race or ability to pay. We are committed to providing a diverse campus community with an education that enriches lives intellectually, morally and spiritually. The Office of Inclusion and Diversity seeks to keep the University connected to our founding principles and ensure that we are available and accessible to the variety of individuals who learn and work at The University of Olivet. In maintaining and strengthening this commitment, the Office assists in adapting to the current and future issues that will confront Olivet and society regarding differences and similarities. The Office identifies the strengths, challenges and opportunities within the constructs of the institution related to diversity, inclusion and cultural competence. The University of Olivet has been rooted in social justice since its founding. Today, we continue to build on this great legacy by cultivating our individual and social responsibility mission while treating people with respect and dignity. The University of Olivet is intentional about our work in diversity, inclusion and cultural competence. The Office of Inclusion is committed to providing the leadership, training and expertise to keep diversity, equity and inclusion at the forefront for our community. The University of Olivet has been rooted in social justice since its founding. Today, we continue to build on this great legacy by cultivating our individual and social responsibility mission while treating people with respect and dignity. The University of Olivet is intentional about our work in diversity, inclusion and cultural competence. The Office of Inclusion is committed to providing the leadership, training and expertise to keep diversity, equity and inclusion at the forefront for our community. MissionThe University of Olivet celebrates diversity, encourages inclusivity and aspires to cultural competence among all members of the community.VisionTo create a vibrant community where students and employees feel safe, welcome, included, a sense of belonging and their uniqueness is embraced. MissionThe University of Olivet celebrates diversity, encourages inclusivity and aspires to cultural competence among all members of the community. VisionTo create a vibrant community where students and employees feel safe, welcome, included, a sense of belonging and their uniqueness is embraced. 320 S. Main StreetOlivet, MI 49076 Ready to apply? Get the application process started online. Have a question for us? Reach out and we'll get back to you! 320 S. Main St.Olivet, MI 49076 800-456-7189 800-456-7189|Email 269-749-7645|Email 269-749-7645|Email 269-749-7141|Email Copyright © 2024 The University of Olivet. All rights reserved. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant
experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking
closing this window, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you
may visit “Cookie Settings” to provide a controlled consent.  Uolivet.edu occasionally displays advertisements from
third-party advertisers. These advertisements are provided by independent
companies or individuals over whom we have no direct control. While we strive
to ensure the quality and relevance of the ads displayed, we want to make you
aware of certain disclaimers and guidelines regarding these third-party
advertisements. "*" indicates required fields "*" indicates required fields "*" indicates required fields