Become what you've always imagined. At Hamline, you'll make your mark in the world and inspire others along the way. Hamline is thetop-ranked Regional University in Minnesotaand 16th in the Midwest region byU.S. News & World Report Start your own student group on campus, leap into a new sport, or get involved in the community.Pursue your passion. From real-world job experience to service projects, you'll get theessential skillsto succeed throughout your career. Hamline isMinnesota's first university, founded in 1854. 170 years later, we're thetop-ranked Regional Universities in Minnesotaand 16th in the Midwestby U.S. News & World Report CLOSE Hamline University recognizes that students’ diverse identities impact their educational experience. To ensure a welcoming environment for everyone, Hamline provides a variety of resources to support all students, including those who identify as BIPOC, LGBTQIA, dis- and differently abled, and more. Hamline hosts many student-run organizations to connect and celebrate our diverse students. The Office of Inclusive Excellence guides Hamline’s mission of diversity and inclusion and hosts events for faculty, staff, and students. The Hedgeman Center for Student Diversity Initiatives and Programs helps create an inclusive community that celebrates and advances campus diversity. Center for Gender + Sexualities programs are focused on creating a community that supports sexual and gender diversity and promotes healthy, safe relationships. The Wesley Center for Spirituality, Service, and Social Justice works with students to develop community, educational, and interfaith leadership skills. Disability Resources provides accommodations and collaborates to create an accessible and welcoming learning environment for students with disabilities. 1536 Hewitt AvenueSaint Paul,MN55104United States 1536 Hewitt Ave Saint Paul, MN 55104 General Information Undergraduate Admission Public Safety Office Graduate Admission ITS Central Service Desk © 2024 Hamline University In association with Mitchell | Hamline School of Law ®. Mitchell HamlineSchool of Law ® has more graduate enrollment options than any other law school in the nation.