Inclusivity and equity are a mindset and a practice. When embraced, they will affect all aspects of the living-learning community at Jewell, and we are charting a course to do just that. Jewell is working to be a more welcoming, anti-racist campus and support equity and diversity of people, perspectives and values. We invite you to visit this page regularly to stay up to date as we develop plans of action to move the institution forward. Vice President for Access and Engagement At William Jewell College, we are intentional about the values of diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging. We have committed ourselves to create an environment where all stakeholders feel included and experience a deep sense of belonging. We believe this can only be accomplished by upholding the belief that every person is of the utmost importance and deserves dignity and respect. We embrace these principles, not only, because they are the right thing to do, but we believe the world cannot succeed without them. We know intuitively, as well as empirically, that we are a much better society when we garner the perspectives of people who think, believe, look and live differently than we do. Diverse environments outperform homogenous ones! When we embrace this notion, we produce better outcomes—better communicators, better colleagues, better friends, and ultimately, better citizens. In the end, we strive for both intellectual and cultural humility, which speaks to an openness to learn and reciprocate learning with our entire community. We invite you to join us as we build a Jewell community that fully reflects our vast country and ever-evolving world. Jewell is committing real resources to empower change in a meaningful way, including new positions, scholarships and programs to serve the campus community. In the past several years, Jewell has raised several million dollars to support and endow need-based scholarships. In 2019, the College created the Shape the Future Grant specifically for students of color and underserved students. This award is designed to promote equity, remove financial barriers and help Jewell graduate students who reflect the diversity in society. The grant can be combined with other scholarships and grants. To date, Jewell has awarded more than 100 grants recipients, and 89% of recipients are non-white. Apply or learn more atwww.jewell.edu/shape-the-future. In 2019, Jewell became the academic home for American Public Square. Through its programming, American Public Square at Jewell seeks to change the tone and quality of public discourse, offering a better understanding of divergent perspectives. The organization invites communities to have frank and open discussions on topical issues of national importance. These gatherings, which occur throughout the region and feature speakers of national and local acclaim, foster fact-based, civil discourse and are expressly nonpartisan. At least twice per year, American Public Square hosts nationally recognized politicians, speakers and public figures on our campus. In 2018, the College introduced theIntercultural Development Inventory(IDI), a tool that evaluates intercultural competence within individuals and organizations. All faculty and staff members completed the assessment and were invited to meet individually with Dr. Andrew Pratt, Special Counsel to the President for Diversity and Inclusion, to review their profile results and create a personalized development plan. Deploying the assessment again in 2020 helped us track our progress in achieving an adaptation mindset enabling deep cultural bridging across diverse communities. We are committed to ensuring that all aspects of William Jewell College—systems, curriculum, faculty and staff—are anti-racist. We need your help. We invite you to work alongside us and hold us accountable for the changes we must make. In April 2021, Jewell announced the establishment of a Racial Reconciliation Commission to find and express both a historical and moral truth about the racial history of the institution. This group is a member of the Consortium of Universities Studying Slavery. You can find the Commission's Statement of Atonement, Principles of Commemoration, Recommendations for Commemoration and suggestions for repair and restoration here:jewell.edu/racial-reconciliation. The Slavery, Memory, Justice Project started in 2020 by a group of students and faculty at William Jewell College, inspired by pioneering work done by Brown University and other institutions associated with the Universities Studying Slavery consortium. Read more about the group's principles and research atslaverymemoryandjustice.org/. Jewell is committed to creating a community that more accurately reflects the rich diversity in the world, including diversity of ideas, values and perspectives. We have significant work to do and are not letting up. Beginning in the fall 2017 semester, all students take Identity & Society (CTI 150), a seven-week course within the Critical Thought and Inquiry core curriculum. Led by an interdisciplinary team of faculty, the course engages students in a seminar-style format to think about how they have formed their own identity, how they can connect to and understand people whose lived experiences are different from their own, and how to keep respectful dialogue going especially in tough subjects around diversity and justice. CTI 150 delves into racism and privilege, and includes units on gender and sexuality, immigration and/or socioeconomic class. Students are required to take two more courses that can be in the core curriculum, their majors or electives. All the courses are certified by a faculty team, and many had extensive revisions. One course focuses on diversity and inclusion in the U.S. and another on diversity and inclusion globally. Some of the other courses that meet the graduation requirement include U.S. Pluralism, Intercultural Communication, World War Two, U.S.-Latinx Experience, Philosophy of Sex & Gender, Philosophy of Race, Social Psychology, Music in the Non-Western Traditions, Civil Rights & Liberties and Democracy American-Style. Jewell committed in summer 2019 to eliminate standardized tests as an admission requirement for all students. This began with the fall 2021 class. Since 2013, Jewell has offered a test-optional process; however, the level of burden for supporting materials became a barrier to students completing their application, especially among students of color. Completely eliminating test scores from our application process helps increase equity and eliminate a barrier that’s kept so many students from experiencing a transformational education. Beginning in July 2020, Jewell eliminated the tuition deposit of $200, and the $100 housing security and damage deposit can be waived for any student who demonstrates high financial need. This change eliminated prioritizing enrollment and housing assignments for incoming students based on their ability to pay ahead.