Candice HowellAssistant Dean for Student Success, Diversity, and InclusionStudent Life OfficeRoy G. Story Student CenterMain Level 105(402) 465-2401nwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan.edu(nwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan[dot]edu) Adrian Gomez RamosAssistant Director for Diversity and InclusionOffice of Diversity and InclusionRoy G. Story Student CenterLower Level 018(402) 465-2135nwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan.edu(nwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan[dot]edu) Follow us on Instagram The Office of Diversity and Inclusion strives to build a welcoming culture at Nebraska Wesleyan University through respect, belonging, community and growth. Respect:Respect creates a foundation of mutual understanding and appreciation for individuals' differences and fosters an environment where diverse perspectives, identities and backgrounds are valued and treated with dignity. By elevating respect, people feel safe, listened to and empowered to contribute to the campus culture. Belonging:A personal sense of acceptance, connection, and value helps us realize that we are part of something bigger than ourselves. Forming and nurturing relationships rooted in trust allows everyone to participate and contribute as their authentic selves at Nebraska Wesleyan. Community: The cultivation of dialogue and collaboration helps us achieve our shared goals. We may not always agree with one another, but communities are shaped through active engagement and the ability to work through our differences while upholding our collective values. Growth: Continuous intellectual and personal development enables people to reach their full potential. The diverse intersections of our world generates curiosity and enriches our lives with different ways of thinking so we may be lifelong learners committed to expanding our viewpoints.  Collaboration between Office of Diversity and Inclusion along with the Communication Studies Department will provide space to have healthy discourse on topics from a range of viewpoints. These discussions will be led by student facilitators once a month. All dialogues will take place inPrairie Wolf A & B(lower level of the Story Student Center). Wednesday, September 18, 12-12:50 p.m. – Topic: Protests and DemonstrationsWednesday, October 16,12-12:50 p.m. – Topic: Democracy and DivisionWednesday, November 13, 12-12:50 p.m. – Topic: Abortion and Reproductive Health Explore our DEI workshop/training opportunities. We offer four engaging workshops designed for faculty, staff and student organizations to foster a more inclusive campus community. Reach out to the Office of Diversity and Inclusion (nwu_divincl[at]nebrwesleyan.edu(nwu_divincl[at]nebrwesleyan[dot]edu)) to discuss and schedule a workshop for your class, team meetings and any other setting to learn more about diversity, equity and inclusion. The following are the workshop/training opportunities the Office of Diversity and Inclusion offers: The survey seeks to measure Nebraska Wesleyan University’s effectiveness in creating an environment where every member of the campus community feels they belong. Questions focus on how current practices foster or inhibit belonging, and how existing diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) efforts are succeeding or failing. NWU’s Belonging Survey has been part of our strategic planning process since September 2019. President Good wants to assess the climate of belonging on campus to know how best to grow the community as a place where everyone belongs. Even before Good was hired, the presidential search committee determined that NWU’s 17th president should prioritize authentic growth toward a more diverse, equitable and inclusive campus. This survey stems from this priority. We’ll assess the aggregated data to determine where we are succeeding or failing to cultivate a sense of belonging on campus. We’ll report the data and our interpretation. And we’ll share our recommendations with the Administrative Council and the Board of Governors. The university’s leadership will use this information to support, guide or alter NWU’s strategic initiatives over the coming years. The NWU Advocate for Diversity Awards honor students, staff, and faculty members who raise awareness about a need, problem, or opportunity regarding issues of diversity and inclusion on campus. Advocates for Diversity inspire others with their advocacy to ensure that all students, staff and faculty feel welcome, engaged and empowered. Nominees should demonstrate a willingness to challenge stereotypes and be a bridge builder between diverse groups. Winners receive a $400 scholarship or stipend and are recognized each year as part of the university’s MLK Day celebrations. Nominations should detail the following: Send your award nominations to the Office of Diversity and Inclusion atnwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan.edu(nwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan[dot]edu). The Mary Butler Award acknowledges a junior or senior in good academic standing who identifies as a student of color. Nominees should exude an enthusiasm to serve both the Nebraska Wesleyan and Lincoln communities and should be sensitive to and knowledgeable about campus needs. They should demonstrate the ability to enrich the campus through extracurricular involvement. Winners receive a $400 scholarship and are recognized each year as part of the university’s MLK Day celebrations. Please write a statement of 200-500 words explaining why this student should receive the Mary Butler Award. The Office of Diversity and Inclusion will want to know how the nominee has addressed one or more of the criteria below: Send your award nominations the Office of Diversity and Inclusion atnwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan.edu(nwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan[dot]edu). Nebraska Wesleyan University is committed to being a safe community for everyone to learn, work and grow. All members of the campus community have a responsibility to speak up when we witness incidents of bias or hate. A bias incident is conduct or expression that targets an individual or group based on race, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, cultural background or other characteristics. Bias incidents include a range of behaviors including telling cruel jokes, name calling or harassment based on another’s real or perceived membership in a certain group. A hate crime is a an act of conduct or expression to which a bias motive is evident as a contributing factor and which has risen to the level of a crime. So, while all hate crimes are bias incidents, not all bias incidents are hate crimes. Hate crimes and bias incidents don't just victimize individuals; they harm communities by making others feel unwelcome or less safe. We must work together to reduce bias and eliminate hate on our campus. If you have experienced or witnessed bias or hate, or if you are advocating for someone who may have, the Bias Education Response Team (BERT) wants to hear from you. BERT can investigate claims and respond appropriately to support victims and educate the campus community. If a crime has occurred, call 911. Once you are safe, report the incident to the Bias Response Team as soon as possible atreportbias[at]nebrwesleyan.edu(reportbias[at]nebrwesleyan[dot]edu)or(402) 465-7732. BERT begins investigations of all reports of bias or hate within 48 hours. Possible interventions may include referrals to University Judiciary. BERT provides feedback on reported incidents, suggest ways to prevent future incidents on campus and suggests programming to address the issue. Our BERT facilitator, Candice Howell, can also be reached atchowell[at]nebrwesleyan.edu(chowell[at]nebrwesleyan[dot]edu). This committee is dedicated to ensuring that the Nebraska Wesleyan community remains diligent and progressive with the university's diversity core value. It is comprised of 16 voting members, including three faculty, five staff, seven students and an ex officio committee chair. The committee’s purpose is to enact holistic and positive change by maintaining an inclusive campus; building a more diverse population; and providing access, information and awareness of opportunities within the Nebraska Wesleyan community. DEIA subcommittees focus on: For more information, contact Wendy Hunt atnwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan.edu(nwu-divincl[at]nebrwesleyan[dot]edu). Intersectionality Resource Center is a place of advocacy and support for students with intersecting identities on the NWU campus. IRC provides students a meeting place, resources on intersecting identities and training opportunities.See the Intersectionality Resource Center webpage for more information. Here at Nebraska Wesleyan, we acknowledge the truth that the land we work, learn and live on is the ancestral and forcibly ceded territory of indigenous nations. We acknowledge that the land and the natural resources on which these nations depended were and are inextricably linked to their identities, cultures and livelihoods, as well as their physical and spiritual well-being. We honor vital ancestral knowledge and expertise of land, resources, culture and spirit. We honor the elders, past and present, of the indigenous nations that inhabited the lands of eastern Nebraska: Ponca, Pawnee, Omaha and Otoe-Missouria. We honor the many other indigenous nations that we do not name but who lived on or traveled these lands over thousands of years, as well as those who live on these lands today. We honor this land upon which we work, learn and live. We pledge to steward it throughout the generations.