 Living the Franklin Pierce Experience means being an active part of a welcoming, inclusive
                        and equitable community of dreamers and doers. Franklin Pierce University’s Office
                        of Diversity and Inclusion provides resources and guidance to ensure that every member
                        of our community is celebrated in support of their race, gender identity and expression,
                        sexual orientation, religious beliefs, creed, physical handicap, and/or neurodiversity. The Office of Diversity and Inclusion collaborates with departments, individuals and
                        external organizations to foster and promote a respectful, accessible, and inclusive
                        community.   To support Franklin Pierce’s diversity and inclusion values, please contactdiversity@franklinpierce.edu. Learn more about the Council for Diversity and Inclusion. Check out the DEI Council Get connected with various DEI resources. Find Connections & Resources Franklin Pierce University values diversity within our community. Use this form to
                                          report an incident of bias. Submit a form Review these events and resources to see what is happening in the area of Diversity
                                          and Inclusion. Learn What's New The following are clubs and organizations found on our Rindge Campus that focus on
                                          diversity and inclusion. Learn more Here are internship opportunities related to diversity and inclusion. See the opportunities Here is a list of scholarship opportunities related to the work done by the Office
                                          of Diversity and Inclusion. Review Scholarships The Office of Student Accessibility Services assists students who qualify for accommodations. Learn more Today, A.L.A.NA’s mission is to establish a student version of the Diversity and Inclusion
                                          Council and work to bring the campus community together. Learn more Florisbeth Joseph (she, her),Associate Director of Diversity & Inclusiondiversity@franklinpierce.edu(603) 899-4386To report an incident of biasclick here  Franklin Pierce University (the University) does not discriminate on the basis of
                  sex and prohibits sex discrimination in any education program or activity that it
                  operates, as required by Title IX and its regulations, including in admission and
                  employment. Inquiries about Title IX may be referred to the University’s Title IX Coordinator,
                  the U.S. Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights, or both. The University’s
                  Title IX Coordinator is the Vice President for Student Affairs. The Department of
                  Education’s Office for Civil Rights contact information is available at https://ocrcas.ed.gov/contact-ocr.    