discover Saint Anselm Explore all that our Hilltop has to offer, get the answers to your questions, and find your reason to visit Saint Anselm College. Saint Anselm College affirms that the diversity of human perspectives and capabilities is essential to the fostering of educational excellence in the 21stcentury and beyond. In order to realize our mission as a Catholic, Benedictine, liberal arts institution, Saint Anselm is committed to sustaining an intentionally inclusive environment that benefits all constituencies. All members of this community are called to intentionally honor the dignity of all people, and to treat each other with the respect to which each is entitled. The college is devoted to providing students with the richest opportunities to learn, both inside and outside the classroom. Saint Anselm aspires to bring together a faculty, staff, and student body that helps enhance this educational endeavor with their diverse scholarly interests, ideas, beliefs, experience, talents, and racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic backgrounds.  Paro PopeEmail:ppope@anselm.eduPhone:603-641-7461Location:Alumni Hall, first floorOffice Hours:Mon.–Fri.: 8:30 a.m.–4:30 p.m. Saint Anselm College affirms that the diversity of human perspectives and capabilities is essential to the fostering of educational excellence in the 21st century and beyond. In order to realize our mission as a Catholic, Benedictine, liberal arts institution, Saint Anselm is committed to sustaining an intentionally inclusive environment that benefits all constituencies. All members of this community are called to intentionally honor the dignity of all people, and to treat each other with the respect to which each is entitled. The college is devoted to providing students with the richest opportunities to learn, both inside and outside the classroom. Saint Anselm aspires to bring together a faculty, staff, and student body that helps enhance this educational endeavor with their diverse scholarly interests, ideas, beliefs, experience, talents, and racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic backgrounds.  *Source: Association of American Colleges & Universities My friends and colleagues, inclusiveness is a way of being in the world, a state of heart and mind that knows that when we step into the unfamiliar, when we open ourselves to that what is new or different, we become more than we might have been. Click on the links below to access various articles, case studies, and reports related to Diversity and Inclusion: Saint Anselm College Founded by the Order of Saint Benedict 100 Saint Anselm Drive, Manchester, NH 03102 (603) 641-7000