discover Saint Anselm Explore all that our Hilltop has to offer, get the answers to your questions, and find your reason to visit Saint Anselm College. Grounded in the Benedictine tradition of hospitality, the Center for Intercultural Learning and Inclusion serves as a safe space where all Saint Anselm College students can drop in to meet new friends and enjoy relaxing conversations. It is our mission to empower students with the resources, skills, and opportunities necessary for academic achievement, leadership development, and purposeful civic engagement. Through cross-cultural dialogues and examining issues relevant to diversity and social justice, we hope to nurture a generation of informed world citizens who find unity within our differences.  Email:interculturalcenter@anselm.eduPhone:603-222-4282Location:Robert and Francine Jean Student Center Complex, first floorAdministrative Office Hours:Mon.–Fri.: 8:30 a.m.–4:30 p.m.The Intercultural Center is open 24 hours. We need to become a college community that, because of our Catholic Identity, intentionally and deliberately reaches out with open arms and open minds to all people and to the truth wherever it is found. Grounded in the Benedictine tradition of hospitality, the Center for Intercultural Learning and Inclusion serves as a safe space where all Saint Anselm College students can drop in to meet new friends and enjoy relaxing conversations. It is our mission to empower students with the resources, skills, and opportunities necessary for academic achievement, leadership development, and purposeful civic engagement. Through cross-cultural dialogues and examining issues relevant to diversity and social justice, we hope to nurture a generation of informed world citizens who find unity within our differences. Overall the Center for Intercultural Learning and Inclusion strives to build community, support the academic mission of the institution, and offer opportunities to promote learning and leadership outside the formal academic curriculum. We are located on the first floor of the Roger and Francine Jean Student Center Complex. Out of the more than 80 active clubs and organizations, several are dedicated to promoting cultural exchange. These groups are encouraged to collaborate with the Center for Intercultural Learning and Inclusion and to use our lounge area for meetings and events. Saint Anselm College Founded by the Order of Saint Benedict 100 Saint Anselm Drive, Manchester, NH 03102 (603) 641-7000