Apply News and Announcements Posted in:Homepage Announcements,Uncategorized Welcome Week at Bloomfield College of Montclair State University kicked off the fall semester with a series of dynamic events designed to help students – half of whom are first-generation college students – develop a sense of belonging. The celebration sets the tone for the academic year, offering both new and returning students opportunities to build relationships, explore new activities and immerse themselves in campus life as a means for developing their sense of belonging at the College. From the adventure of riding a mechanical bull to participating in inflatable jousting competitions, Welcome Week at Bloomfield features a variety of events that encourage students to step outside of their comfort zones and make lasting connections. Additional student events this year included: “Games, food, and music set the stage for most events to encourage student interaction and to build opportunities for student connections to be realized,” says Jerryl Sharif, assistant director of the Center for Student Leadership and Engagement (CSLE). “Making friends and engaging in new activities, together with their peers, not only create the fond college memories many of us have, but also offer the outside-the-classroom learning that helps students thrive in our close-knit community.”  Welcome Week is more than just fun and games – it’s an integral part of thestudent belongingexperience at Bloomfield. The events are carefully designed to help students acclimate to their new environment, build confidence and develop leadership skills that will serve them throughout their college journey as they develop meaningful relationships and connections between peers, staff, faculty and alumni. “Learning happens when we are pushing the envelope of what we know,” Sharif adds. “At Bloomfield College of Montclair State University, we create these opportunities for learning – both inside and outside the classroom – before classes even begin.” Held each year, Volunteer Day offers students from both the Bloomfield and Montclair campuses the opportunity to meet one another and discover new passions while giving back to the community by engaging in activities such as park clean-ups, sorting and packing food bank donations and working with seniors or children. These opportunities reinforce a core value of Bloomfield’s and Montclair’s shared mission of serving the public good from the moment students arrive on campus. “Volunteer Day prepares the way for instilling in our students the value of volunteerism,” says Chinasa Eke-McClean, assistant dean of students. “We want the spirit and practice of giving to run both ways, with our students closing the circle when they also give back.”  As the fall semester unfolds, the connections and experiences students gain during Welcome Week continue to shape their learning at Bloomfield.Whether through leadership opportunities, academic success or community involvement, Bloomfield College of Montclair State University students are poised to make the most of their college experience preparing them to make a positive impact on the world. Prospective Student / Parent:Learn more aboutacademicsandcampus lifeat Bloomfield College of Montclair State University and more about thefull list of majorsandcurrently active student clubs and organizations; plan a visit to our campus and take the first step inapplying to become a Bloomfield Bear!Journalist:Contact theMedia Relations teamfor specific assets or to schedule an interview about this topic. See also ourhi-res media assetsavailable for download. Bloomfield Collegeof Montclair State University Policies Return to Top