The University provides programming that emphasizes the richness of Drew’s diverse population of students, faculty, and staff. These programs are routinely sponsored by faculty, staff, students, University departments, student organizations, clubs or caucuses, University Centers and others. Goals for individual programs may vary from educational and enhancing cultural competence, to celebration of one’s shared community, or seeking to foster constructive and engaged dialogue amongst community members. It is when we engage with others that we allow ourselves to learn more deeply and fully. Through cross-campus collaboration, the focus on DEI issues and initiatives guiding our programming include communities of shared race, ethnicity, culture, religion and shared ancestry, LGBTQI+, gender identity and expression and other areas. Campus programming is only successful as it includes collaborations from across campus. These include: Various Academic Departments Center for Civic Engagement Center for Holocaust/Genocide Studies Center on Religion Culture and Conflict Student Clubs & Theme Houses, including, but not exclusive to: African, Black, Caribbean (ABC) House (theme house) Afro Revolutionaries Soul Crew AfriSCaD (Pan African Student Organization) Ariel Asian Student Union Black Ministerial Caucus Black Student Union Cultural Italian American Organization CHOICE (Community for Humanitarian Outreach and Intercultural Engagement) Drew African Students Association Drew Caribbean Students Society Drew Israel Student Association Drew Pagan Society Feminist Intersection Club German Club Hillel International Student Association InterVarsity Christian Fellowship l’assocation Franchophone Korean Caucus La Casa (theme house) LatinX Caucus Muslim Student Association The South Asian Student Association Women’s Concerns House (theme house) Women’s Ministerial Alliance (WoMA) Drew University’s mission is to offer its diverse community of learners a challenging and individualized education shaped by a deep-rooted culture of mentoring, thoughtful engagement with the world beyond its campus, and a steadfast commitment to lifelong cultivation of the whole person. Through its distinctive emphasis on the reciprocity of knowledge, experience, and service, Drew University prepares its students to flourish both personally and professionally as they add to the world’s good by responding to the urgent challenges of our time with rigorous, independent, and imaginative thought. The New Jersey Law Against Discrimination prohibits discrimination and bias-based harassment based on actual or perceived: Race or color; Religion or creed; National origin, nationality, or ancestry; Sex, pregnancy, or breastfeeding; Sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; Disability; Marital status or domestic partnership/civil union status; Liability for military service; In housing: familial status and source of lawful income used for rental or mortgage payments; In employment: age, atypical hereditary cellular or blood trait, genetic information, the refusal to submit to a genetic test or make available to an employer the results of a genetic test. The University’s Policy Against Discrimination and Harassment, which also instructs you how to file a report, can be found byclicking on this link. We acknowledge that Drew is located in Lenapehoking, the traditional territory of the Lenape people. We offer recognition and respect to Lenape ancestors, peoples today, and the Lenape future to come – across Lenapehoking and the Lenape diaspora. In so doing, we acknowledge Lenape Nation sovereignty and their long-standing presence on this land, which precedes the establishment of Drew University, New Jersey State, and the United States of America. We acknowledge and offer deep gratitude to this Lenape land and water that supports us. We invite all members and guests of the Drew community to join in this acknowledgement, respect, and gratitude.