Diversity, Equality & Inclusion Rutgers is committed to making diversity a way of university life, where all members of our community feel welcome, valued, and respected. Rutgers–Camden students, faculty, and visitors will find resources to learn about diverse communities and their challenges, connect with peers, and receive support. Rutgers–Camden has several interdisciplinary programs that feature study focused on diversity and equity, including Africana Studies, Gender Studies, and more. We strive to offer diverse opportunities that challenge students’ concepts and open their minds to new ways of thinking. To advocate campus-wide inclusivity, we promote initiatives that support diverse communities and raise awareness of the complex identity issues inherent in the lives of Rutgers–Camden students. The Interfaith Chaplains Advisory Council, a network of faith leaders and faith communities, provides spiritual support to Rutgers–Camden students and the campus community. In the Campus Center, students will also find the Interfaith Room, a sacred space for individuals and groups on campus to exercise faith and spiritual practice for the purpose of connecting to spiritual, cultural, moral, holistic, and higher power experiences. The Courageous Conversations series carefully and critically addresses race and intersecting identities issues that help the Rutgers–Camden community process inequality. We also host the Person of Color Mentorship program and brunch, which seeks to offer a mentor-to-mentee affinity partnership, professional networking opportunities, academic support, socio-emotional support, co-curricular activities, and leadership development. Rutgers–Camden hosts comprehensive support programs, weekly meetings, training sessions and more to ensure an inclusive environment for LGBTQIA+ students on our campus. The Office of Diversity and Inclusion advances, promotes and advocates for inclusiveness, diversity and equity as key elements to achieve Rutgers’ strategic vision. The mission of the Rutgers University-Camden Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Council (DEI) is to facilitate, foster and nurture the ongoing efforts of inclusive excellence within organizational policy and practice. The goal of this enterprise is to create a positive narrative about race in the community, to promote racial healing activities on campus, and to erase structural barriers to equal opportunity. Nyeema C. Watson, Ph.D.Senior Vice Chancellor for Strategy, Diversity and Community Engagement Rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. Individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with Rutgers websites toaccessibility@rutgers.eduor complete theReport Accessibility Barrier / Provide Feedbackform. Copyright ©2024,Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey. All rights reserved.Contact webmaster