Equity in Action Rutgers University–Newark utilized the diversity strategic planning process as an opportunity to revisit and extend the RU–N strategic plan, “Where Opportunity Meets Excellence.” The RU–N strategic plan and itssubsequent updatein 2017 served as foundational references in diversity strategic planning at Rutgers–Newark. Strengthen and leverage current diversity and inclusion initiatives, programs, and partnerships to sustain and further develop our diverse community of students, faculty, and staff. Assess enrollment, retention and graduation rates as indicators of institutional health and our effectiveness in promoting social mobility, and aim to increase student engagement, development, learning, and satisfaction. Increase effectiveness of university in cross-sector, collective impact projects in Newark with national implications. Improve efficiency and support better operations to ensure institutional and equity goals can be achieved. Increase the effectiveness of communications internally and externally by improving the way we tell the Rutgers–Newark story. The Chancellor’s Commission on Diversity and Transformation, which includes faculty, staff, students, and senior administrators, will guide implementation of the strategic planning aims. Learn more about new and ongoing initiatives that help forward Rutgers–Newark's diversity goals. The RU–N to the TOP program provides a “last-dollar” financial aid award that covers the cost of in-state tuition and mandatory fees. RU–N Dialogue platform aims to foster conversation in this time of division, it will help document and extend the conversations emerging from theDialogue in a Time of Fractureproject. HLLC is an innovative RU–N initiative that considers anew the notions of talent and excellence by revolutionizing honors, cultivating talent, and engaging communities. The TRHT Center at RU–N, launched in February 2018, was one of ten inaugural centers selected to jettison and dispel the belief of racial hierarchy within post-secondary institutions. The P3 Collaboratory for Pedagogy, Professional Development, and Publicly-Engaged Scholarship at Rutgers University–Newark focuses on institutional interventions that support holistic faculty development over the lifecycle of an academic career. The Intercultural Resource Center (IRC) is the space where you can explore your multiple identities within the Rutgers University–Newark community. The Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Advocacy (IDEA) Innovation Grant Program in Newark has three goals: Rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. Individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with Rutgers websites toaccessibility@rutgers.eduor complete theReport Accessibility Barrier / Provide Feedbackform. Copyright ©2024,Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey. All rights reserved.Contact webmaster