Stevens’ Strategic plan,Inspired by Humanity, Powered by Technology, positions diversity, equity and inclusion as a core institutional value and a strategic goal.  Stevens will amplify efforts to attract and retain an outstanding community of faculty, staff and students from diverse backgrounds and cultivate a supportive, inclusive learning and working environment that contributes to a technologically proficient workforce. We aim to foster a vibrant, supportive, and sustainable culture where students, faculty, staff and alumni from all backgrounds engage in ongoing activities that strongly connect them to the university and where all constituencies are mutually committed to helping each other achieve their full potential to advance Stevens' mission. In the Office of the President, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) provides guidance and resources related to institutional policy, inclusive practices and fostering a vibrant and engaging university culture. At Stevens, we work toward these goals within each of our units, but key initiatives and programs are led by specific offices. Provides direct student support related to belonging, identity-development, and empowerment via on-campus programs, training and workshops that engage the Stevens community. Provides faculty members with the programs and resources they need to excel as teachers, scholars, leaders and community members. Serves the Stevens community by offering a suite of development programs through Academic Impressions and Linkedin Learning to cultivate a dynamic workforce committed to diversity, equity, inclusion and collaboration. Stevens continues to attract an increasingly diverse and outstanding population of undergraduate and graduate students, faculty and staff to its community. Our diversity comes in many forms including a wide range of cultural, economic, racial, ethnic and religious backgrounds, first- generation students, persons with disabilities, people of different sexual orientations, genders, ages, political perspectives and others. We value this diversity and recognize the essential role it plays in contributing to a rich, vibrant and engaging university culture. We are committed to providing a welcoming and inclusive environment that celebrates differences and extends students’ education beyond academics through involvement in countless activities that stretch perspectives and facilitate personal growth. As we continue to promote an environment that is collaborative and respectful of individual differences, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion across Stevens has never been stronger. We have made good progress, but there is still much work to do. We all share a responsibility to create an academic environment where all members can thrive. Your thoughts, ideas and involvement are welcomed. Susan MetzExecutive Director of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Browse through the excellent resources that Stevens offers to students, faculty and staff related to diversity, equity and inclusion. ©2024Stevens Institute of Technology