Information for Clarkson University sees diversity as a catalyst for creativity and innovation. New discoveries emerge when a variety of perspectives and experiences direct the discussion. In turn, we take diversity, equity and inclusion into account in attracting students to campus, supporting them along their journey and helping them launch their careers. As well, our approach is ever-evolving and shapes campus culture and how we train faculty and staff. A sense of belonging in our students is essential to their success. Learn more about our multifaceted mission, and explore diversity and inclusion resources for students, faculty and staff. Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Clarkson sees all students and employees as Global Citizens. The Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Office cultivates this aspect of our campus culture through recruitment and professional development efforts and continuously addressing campus climate and engagement. Working to be a community with a sense of belonging for all is at the heart of what we do. And, we work to instill an appreciation of culture, diversity and inclusion and highlight the skills to execute these objectives. We believe these attributes make our students successful throughout their careers and around the world. Students, employees and community members can find a welcoming space in the D & I Lounge in the Student Center. Our office provides a platform and leadership opportunities for students interested in steering the campus conversation. Learn more about community engagement, University programming, professional development and educational opportunities. About the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Office We welcome your drive and curiosity to uncover new advancements and shape the future of science, technology, engineering, business and healthcare. Understand how Clarkson supports diversity through every stage of your journey. Get a step-by-step view of the application process, and understand why our education sets you up for success. While all are welcome, Clarkson gears these sessions toward prospective first-generation students and those from underserved and underrepresented communities. Clarkson extends a combination of tuition and financial assistance plus academic support to eligible New York State residents. CUPO is home to the Ronald E. McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement Program (McNair Scholars), the Louis Stokes Alliances for Minority Participation Program (LSAMP) and the Collegiate Science & Technology Entry Program (CSTEP). All programs uplift student success through academic enrichment, access to research and more experiential opportunities and career and professional development. Clarkson is a Yellow Ribbon school and participates in the U.S. Military’s Tuition Assistance program. Utilize your education benefits to look toward the next stage of your career. Earn two bachelor’s degrees in five years. Through this partnership agreement, you spend your first three years at an Atlanta University Center Consortium (AUCC) school before transferring to Clarkson to complete a bachelor’s degree during the last two years. Explore the hub of international activity on campus. Understand how we assist international students, and learn more about study abroad opportunities. We’re here for you — from first-year programming to writing, tutoring and more forms of academic assistance. Request and get accommodations met. Learn more about how Clarkson advocates for students with disabilities. One in four Clarkson students is the first in their family to attend college. Our Living-Learning Community sets the stage for building vital connections as you navigate this new adventure. The Society of Women Engineers is actually the first organization I got involved in when I first came to Clarkson. I was an active member for both my freshman semesters and loved seeing and meeting other women pursuing a STEM education — &nbsp;especially meeting all the seniors who were so close to accomplishing something that I had just embarked on. They held many fun and developmental activities that made me feel confident and prepared for my time at Clarkson. I also got involved in Sister to Sister, which was a nice break from academics and gave me the opportunity to meet more women like me at Clarkson, which was just really comforting! Kimberly Gomez '25, BS in Mechanical Engineering  Clarkson University values diversity as a catalyst for creativity and innovation. We prioritize diversity, equity and inclusion in attracting and supporting students, shaping campus culture and empowering faculty and staff to ensure a sense of belonging crucial for student success. Join Our Community Our faculty and staff influence the classroom environment. At the same time, Clarkson’s Human Resources office strives to attract and retain a diverse workforce. Learn more about the role of our employees in promoting a diverse, inclusive and safe campus for all. Email:diversity@clarkson.eduPhone:315-268-3785Social:Facebook|Instagram Have questions for the Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Office? Reach out to us today to learn more. Potsdam Campus8 Clarkson Ave • Potsdam, NY 13699Phone: 315-268-6400 Capital Region Campus80 Nott Terrace • Schenectady, NY 12308Phone: 518-631-9831 Contact Us