Colgate University is committed to becoming an anti-racist institution. The University develops and promotes initiatives, programs, events, and resources that foster deep personal reflection, dialogue and action on issues of race, racism and anti-racism. The Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion July 2020 status update There are three University-wide initiatives that are either newly developing or ongoing and essential to our long-term goals. These are: During the 2019–20 academic year, the Board of Trustees began to formally consider the physical and social needs of Colgate juniors and seniors as part of a review of their residential life experience. The aim was to see how best to provide appropriate residential and social space for all Colgate students. In conjunction with this effort, Colgate engaged the planning firms RAMSA and WXY — the firms engaged to develop plans for the University’s Middle Campus — as well as the Sasaki Group to consider the current conditions of the housing and social spaces available to Colgate juniors and seniors. While these planning efforts necessarily slowed down in the spring as a result of COVID-19, these firms will be charged to continue this work in collaboration with the administration during this academic year. First, they will be asked to consider the numerous studies conducted in past years on residential life at the University, and they will also be charged to consider housing and social options available at peer and national institutions. This review work should be completed within the fall semester, allowing for the development of a long-range plan of the upper-level residential and social experience and the provision of new residential and social opportunities for all Colgate students. As previously stated, this planning will be done as part of a comprehensive effort consistent with the goals and objectives ofThe Third-Century Planand theDEI Plan. This initiative will help to address inequities in the student social and residential experiences. We will support plans for new programming and improvements to Colgate’s long-standing Harlem Renaissance Center, located in the Bryan Complex on the upper part of the campus. Further, faculty and the Residential Commons directors will work to develop a dedicated Sophomore Residential Seminar associated with Hancock Commons and the Harlem Renaissance Center. This initiative provides a robust living learning community for students interested in race, ethnicity, and the African diaspora. With the commencement of the new academic year, we will engage Colgate faculty and students, as well as national scholars, in a comprehensive review of Colgate’s history, with particular emphasis on the histories of non-majority groups at the University. This project will build in important ways on the bicentennial explorations of Colgate’s mission and history by acknowledging the history and contributions of people of color to the Colgate campus and community. With the generous support of alumni and trustees, we are pleased to report that Colgate has three new sources of funds to allow us to move quickly to further develop and support DEI efforts. These are: Named after Colgate’s first Black graduate, this new endowment fund, valued at $500,000, will be used to support diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and will be managed by the incoming CDO. The newly established Alumni of Color Third-Century Fund will provide new support for our ongoing and developing DEI initiatives. Through a remarkable gift from trustee Giovanni Cutaia ’94 and his wife, Maree, we have created the President’s DEI Discretionary Fund to support new diversity efforts and programs. Immediate allocations from this fund will support the following new programs for Colgate students. New funds will be allocated to ensure students of color have the support needed to pursue summer internships. Applications to graduate school or national fellowships have high costs that can discourage students of color and low-income students from applying. New funds will be allocated to defray these applications and related costs, expanding these opportunities to students of color and low-income students. The ALANA Cultural Center provides programming for all students. New funds will allow ALANA to support student-developed efforts across campus. Colgate has now joinedThe Consortium for Faculty Diversity, a national consortium that will help diversify our faculty. The consortium partners the premiere research universities in the nation with a small number of leading liberal arts colleges to appoint scholars of color who have recently completed their doctoral degrees. Colgate has now joined this consortium. CFD scholars will come directly to Colgate through new post-doctoral fellowships and will immediately teach in the University’s curriculum. Thanks to the work of the Partnership for Racial Progress, a group of alumni of color who seek to enhance life at the University and promote a sense of community and connection among Colgate graduates, the University is  pleased to announce the following: Mosaic connects multicultural alumni with current Colgate students, providing them with an opportunity to learn from alumni experiences on careers and on navigating life during and after Colgate. President’s DEI Discretionary Fund dollars will be provided to enhance this program. Colgate is an inaugural member of the Liberal Arts Colleges Racial Equity Leadership Alliance (LACRELA), a consortium of institutions geared toward finding creative solutions for addressing issues of racial equity and diversity on campus. LACRELA was launched by the University of Southern California Race and Equity Center, whose mission is to illuminate, disrupt, and dismantle racism in all its forms. Member colleges have access to special campus surveys and data as well as monthly eConvenings, by invitation, for faculty and staff members seeking to learn more about antiracism and diversity efforts. These three-hour learning sessions, each on a different topic, are delivered by highly respected leaders of national higher education associations, tenured professors who study race relations and people of color, chief diversity officers, and other experienced administrators. Board Strategies to Achieve Racial EquityTuesday, February 22, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Centering Racial Equity in Your Student Success AgendaTuesday, March 22, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Chief Diversity Officer’s Role in Advancing Racial EquityTuesday, April 19, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Classroom Incivility and Productive Conversations About RaceTuesday, May 24, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Reducing Implicit Bias in The Search and Hiring ProcessFriday, June 10, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Race Conscious Enrollment ManagementTuesday, July 12, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Communicating Institutional Progress on Racial Equity GoalsTuesday, August 16, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Dismantling Persistent Racial Equity Problems in StemFriday, September 16, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Making Racial Equity Data TransparentFriday, October 21, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm Understanding Campus Unrest and Responding to Student ProtestTuesday, November 15, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Using Assessment and Evaluation to Improve Campus Racial ClimatesTuesday, December 6, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm Managing and Resolving Racial Tensions in the WorkplaceTuesday, January 24, 20239am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Leading Productive Conversations About RacismWednesday, February 17, 2021 Teaching the Truth About Slavery and America’s Racial HistoryWednesday, August 25, 2021 Fostering and Sustaining Inclusive Classrooms for Students of ColorWednesday, March 3, 2021 Accountability and Incentives for Advancing Racial EquityMonday, April 5, 2021 Confronting Explicit Acts of Racism and Racial Violence on CampusTuesday, May 25, 2021 Disaggregating Data to Identify Racial InequitiesTuesday, June 22, 20219am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Recovering from COVID-19 Racial InequitiesThursday, July 15, 20219am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Strategically Hiring Faculty of ColorThursday, September 16, 20219am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Supporting and Retaining Faculty of ColorMonday, October 4, 20219am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Recruiting and Strategically Diversifying Staff at All LevelsTuesday, November 9, 20219am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Creating Equitable Pathways to Leadership Roles for Employees of ColorWednesday, December 8, 20219am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Meaningfully Integrating Racial Topics Across the CurriculumMonday, January 24, 20229am-12pm PST/12pm-3pm EST Colgate employees interested in participating can contact Renee Madison, vice president for equity and inclusion, atrmadison@colgate.edu. Employees can access recordings of the previous sessions and the associated resources. Note that you will need to sign in to your Colgate-affiliated Gmail account to access the recordings. Past eConvenings Note: These files are for Colgate use only through permission of LACRELA. Please do not circulate them outside of the Colgate community. Anti-Racist Theory Colgate Courses Courses on Race, Class, Gender, and Social Justice  To recommend anti-racism educational resources, please contactDorsey Spencer Jr., (dspencer@colgate.edu) Report Incidents of Bias, Discrimination, and/or Harassment