Colgate strives to be an open, safe, and welcoming learning environment for all students, faculty, staff, and others in our extended community. We closely examine the demographics of our student, faculty, and staff bodies to better inform our efforts recruiting a diverse and representative campus community. University demographics ALANA is a professionally staffed organization and space that supports a wide array of multicultural and inclusive programs and initiatives. ALANA's goal is to help all students develop an appreciation of culture. The international student community brings additional perspectives and histories to Colgate conversations and practices, both in and out of the classroom. The Office of International Student Services supports these students as they live in a foreign country and navigate the immigration requirements unique to their international status. Colgate's LGBTQ Initiatives office is dedicated to supporting lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and ally students. Initiatives include available Safe Zone trainings for students, faculty, and staff to better understand the needs of the LGBTQ community; an annual Queerfest celebrating and educating the campus about LGBTQ issues; ongoing student advocacy campaigns; and much more. Through the Office of the Chaplains, Colgate students sustain a vibrant religious community open to those of any faith, those questioning faith, and those who identify as atheist. Interfaith initiatives promote education and understanding between these diverse groups. The Center for Women’s Studies is a multipurpose space where students, faculty, and staff can gather to discuss a multitude of topics spanning the feminist spectrum and consider the intersectionality of identities and various forms of oppression. During Colgate’s Bicentennial year, the University developed and adopted a plan for success moving forward, titling itThe Third-Century Plan. Crucially, the plan includes a document titled "The Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion," in addition to encompassing other initiatives across the University. Colgate’s vision for its next century makes clear that improved diversity, equity, and inclusion are absolutely necessary if the University is to achieve its ambitions. "The Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion" presents a framework for moving the work of creating an inclusive campus forward, and also for engaging the Colgate community in this effort in the years ahead. In agreement with several elements ofThe 13 Goals of a Colgate Education, every semester Colgate offers a list of courses with an emphasis on race, class, gender, and social justice. These courses provide an opportunity for students better understand historical and contemporary issues, engage in critical dialogue, and reflect upon their identity and sense of self. We encourage all Colgate students to consider taking one or more of the courses listed at some point during their time at the University. Cooperative small-group learning environments Promoting equity and diversity throughout campus operations. Student groups celebrating, exploring, and learning about culture and identity