Eleven teaching faculty from across the university have been awarded Cornell’s highest honors for graduate and undergraduate teaching, Interim President Michael I. Kotlikoff announced Oct. 22. Eleven teaching faculty from across the university have been awarded Cornell’s highest honors for graduate and undergraduate teaching, Interim President Michael I. Kotlikoff announced Oct. 22. Haiar Isliamov's humanitarian work has funneled more than $1 million to Ukraine in the form of bulletproof vests for journalists, and food, supplies and relocation services for displaced families. Haiar Isliamov's humanitarian work has funneled more than $1 million to Ukraine in the form of bulletproof vests for journalists, and food, supplies and relocation services for displaced families. To celebrate Cornell’s commitment to fostering global literacy and cross-cultural understanding, the Language Resource Center in the College of Arts and Sciences will host World Languages Day on Oct. 26. To celebrate Cornell’s commitment to fostering global literacy and cross-cultural understanding, the Language Resource Center in the College of Arts and Sciences will host World Languages Day on Oct. 26. “As a university founded to be a place where “…any person can find instruction…,” we value diversity and inclusion, and we strive to be a welcoming, caring, and equitable community" FromCornell’s Core Values The mission of Cornell Botanic Gardens is to share the deep and enduring connections between the rich diversity of the plant world and the equally rich diversity of cultures worldwide. The mission of Cornell Botanic Gardens is to share the deep and enduring connections between the rich diversity of the plant world and the equally rich diversity of cultures worldwide. Before social media, before #BlackTwitter, there was nineteenth-century Black print. “We struggle against opinions. Our warfare lies in the field of thought,” proclaimed the 1847 National Convention of Colored People held in Troy, NY. Before social media, before #BlackTwitter, there was nineteenth-century Black print. “We struggle against opinions. Our warfare lies in the field of thought,” proclaimed the 1847 National Convention of Colored People held in Troy, NY. Barkcloth is a type of non-woven textile, made directly from the inner bark of trees through a process of soaking, fermentation, and beating. Barkcloth is a type of non-woven textile, made directly from the inner bark of trees through a process of soaking, fermentation, and beating.