Title IX at CUNY Policy on Sexual Misconduct Training Series CUNY Policy on Sex-Based Misconduct Click Here for Toolkit Mission Statement The City College of New York is committed to a policy of equal employment and equal access in its educational programs and activities. Diversity, inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination are central to our mission. It is the policy of City College to recruit, employ, retain, promote, and provide benefits to employees (including paid and unpaid interns) and to admit and provide services for students without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, marital status, partnership status, disability, genetic information, alienage, citizenship, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence/stalking/sex offenses, unemployment status, or any other legally prohibited basis in accordance with federal, state and city laws. It is also City College policy to provide reasonable accommodations when appropriate to individuals with disabilities, individuals observing religious practices, employees who have pregnancy or childbirth-related medical conditions, or employees who are victims of domestic violence/stalking/sex offenses. This Policy also prohibits retaliation for reporting or opposing discrimination, or cooperating with an investigation of a discrimination complaint. The City College of The City University of New York (CUNY) is committed to providing equal employment and educational opportunity to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, transgender, disability, genetic predisposition or carrier status, alienage or citizenship, prior arrest record, or marital, military, or veteran status. It is a violation of this policy for any member of the college community to engage in discrimination or to retaliate against a member of the community for raising an allegation of discrimination, filing a complaint alleging discrimination, or for participating in any proceeding to determine whether discrimination has occurred.The college's equal opportunity policy incorporates, as applicable, the nondiscrimination and affirmative action obligations set forth in federal, state, and local law including, but not limited to: Executive Order 11246, as amended, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended, Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, Sections 503 and 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990, the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended, New York State Human Rights Law and the New York City Civil Rights Law, as well as the policies of the City University's Board of Trustees.As an urban institution in the City of New York that is committed to the concept and values of pluralism and diversity, the college seeks to have its workforce reflect the diversity of its student body, the surrounding community, and the representation of qualified individuals available in the labor force. To that end, the college's affirmative action employment plan (AAP) is designed and implemented with the dual goals of increasing employment opportunities for all legally mandated protected groups and assuring the effective realization and utilization of their talents and skills.Pursuant to law "protected groups" are defined for affirmative action purposes as: Black (non-Hispanic)/African American, Hispanic, Asian or Pacific Islander, and American Indian or Alaskan Native, women, special disabled and Vietnam Era veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Moreover, in accord with the University Chancellor's mandate of 1976, Italian-Americans are also designated an affirmative action protected category within CUNY. Sheryl Konigsberg, Esq.skonigsberg@ccny.cuny.eduis the College's Chief Diversity Officer for the Title 504 and Title IX programs. Complaints, comments and/or questions regarding applicable policies, procedures or the college's AAP, or discrimination generally, should be directed to the Office of Diversity located in Shepard Hall, Room 109 A-D, telephone: (212) 650-6310. On an annual basis, the college compiles an Affirmative Action Plan (AAP) using data obtained from the CUNYFirst Ethnicity and Gender report on full-time employees with annual appointments (excluding substitute and visiting titles).  Below you will find the college's AAP plans: CCNY 2020 AFFIRMATIVE ACTION PLAN https://www.ccny.cuny.edu/sites/default/files/2021-11/CCNY%20AAP%202020%20Final.pdf CCNY 2020 ITALIAN AMERICAN PLAN https://www.ccny.cuny.edu/sites/default/files/2021-11/CCNY%20IAP%202020%20Final.pdf If you are interested in having a gender-based violence prevention workshop for your office, student group, department/staff office please contact Sophie English, LCSW atsenglish@ccny.cuny.eduor (212) 650-8905. If you would like a training on Title IX policy/procedure or equal opportunity and Non Discrimination Policy contact Sheryl Konigsberg atskonigsberg@ccny.cuny.eduor (212) 650-6310. ClickHEREfor upcoming and past workshops/events. The City College of New York (CCNY) and CUNY Graduate Center, in partnership with the New York City Commission on Human Rights invite you to a series of workshops focusing on Dehumanization and Discrimination.  The NYC Commission on Human Rights will be facilitating the workshops listed below. NOVEMBER 7, 2024 AT 12:30PM Understanding Muslim Experiences and Combating Anti-Muslim Bias This workshop promotes understanding of the City’s diverse faith communities. The workshop addresses what is referred to as anti-Muslim racism, introduces Muslim beliefs and practices, outlines best practices in working with Muslim New Yorkers, and elaborates on the protections under the City Human Rights Law against discrimination based on religion. NOVEMBER 14, 2024 AT 12:30PM Understanding Jewish Experiences and Antisemitism This workshop promotes understanding of the City's diverse Jewish communities. The workshop addresses antisemitism, its impact on Jewish New Yorkers, and its impact on larger society. It introduces Jewish history and practices, outlines best practices in working with Jewish New Yorkers, and elaborates on the protections for Jewish New Yorkers against discrimination, under the City Human Rights Law. JANUARY 30, 2025 AT 12:30PM Human Rights Law, Anti-Black Racism and Other Forms of Discrimination Based on Race and Color This workshop provides a  historical context for race and  color-based discrimination and  how it  has impacted the lives of New  Yorkers, institutions, and the delivery of  services and  resources in New York City.  The program educates New Yorkers on their rights and  protections against discrimination under the Human  Rights Law.  Participants analyze concepts related to race and color,  learn about efforts and  resistance to combat racism, and ways to become the voices for social and racial justice. The affirmative action policies and practices of City College are part of the University's goal to provide equal employment opportunity and prevent discrimination. Such policies and practices of City College apply to persons in federally protected groups, including women, people with disabilities, Vietnam Era veterans, Blacks, Hispanics, Asian/Pacific Islanders, and American Indian/Alaskan Natives. In addition, the University and City College have designated Italian Americans as a protected group for whom these policies apply [Statutes Enforced by AAO]. To that end, the Office continuously reviews policies and procedures pertaining to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and non-discrimination. The Office monitors and advises search committees on search and screen procedures; and develops and monitors the College's progress and diligence in pursuing goals set forth in the Affirmative Action Plan. Documents and forms related to the search process are available at the Office located at 160 Convent Avenue, Shepard Hall, Room 109 or online. Information on the search approval process is available at Human Resources located at 160 Convent Avenue, Shepard Hall, Room 50. RECRUITMENT AND SEARCH RELATED DOCUMENTS Recruitment Plan Approval Form (for Academic Positions) Recruitment Plan Approval Form (for Non-Academic Positions) Confidentiality Statement CV/Resume Evaluation Proposed Interviewees Form Interview Rating Form Search Certification Form CUNY Search Committee Guide As part of New York State Education Law 129-b, also called theEnough is Enough(“EIE”) statute, requires that all NYS colleges provide students with ongoing education and training about sexual misconduct, including domestic violence, dating violence, stalking, sexual harassment, gender-based harassment and sexual violence. SPARC TRAINING CUNY has implemented a program called SPARC (Sexual & Interpersonal Violence Prevention And Response Course) to provide students with this training. SPARC is an online training module developed by SUNY in collaboration with CUNY that educates students* about sexual misconduct, ways to prevent it, and the campus’ response to a complaint. The content has been customized to reflect New York State requirements and CUNY policies. To access the SPARC course, log ontoBlackboard. On the Home page, look for My Organizations and the Training course will be listed. If you do not see the course, please contact Student Affairs atstudentaffairs@ccny.cuny.edu. *NOTE: All incoming students (first-year and transfers) are required to complete SPARC training as are student government members, student leaders and members of other student groups designated by the University and/or College.   Sheryl Konigsberg, Esq.Chief Diversity Officerp:212.650.6310e:skonigsberg@ccny.cuny.eduo:Shepard Hall - 109A-D Meet the staff  