The Vatican secretary of state, His Eminence Cardinal Pietro Parolin, came to Fordham on Sunday, where he celebrated Mass in the University Church and chatted warmly with students, staff, and alumni. His homily promoted inclusion—in line with Ignatian values and the message of Christ. “The Holy Spirit desires welcoming communities,” he said, “and Fordham, as a Catholic university following the Jesuit traditions in this city of New York, is uniquely positioned to appreciate and foster the creativity with which God acts.” He warned against attitudes of exclusivity—aimed at both individuals and groups. “Selfishness, envy, and pride can have both the personal and collective forms,” said Cardinal Parolin, the second-highest-ranking official in the Vatican after Pope Francis.  “The latter, much more harmful, can grow so vast and apparent that it turns invisible to the individual, who can continue to live by dedication, service and humility towards his ‘we’—like a bandit remains loyal to the gang.” (Read the cardinal’s homily.) The cardinal’s visit came four months after the University’s president, Tania Tetlow, and other members of Fordham’s leadership met with him during a four-day visit to the Vatican that was focused on Ignatian spirituality and the University’s Jesuit mission. View and download photos from Cardinal Parolin’s visit to Fordham. Sunday’s Mass was attended by members of the University community including students, staff, alumni, trustees, Jesuits of Fordham, and President Tetlow. The cardinal also toured the Rose Hill campus and met with students at Walsh Family Library and the Rose Hill Gym. He was accompanied by Archbishop Gabriele Caccia, apostolic nuncio and permanent observer of the Holy See to the United Nations, where the cardinal had spoken the day before about the increase in violent conflicts worldwide. Tetlow expressed gratitude to the cardinal at the end of the Mass. “We are so grateful for your presence today,” she said, “and for your visit here this week to do the work of the Gospel: bringing messages of peace to the U.N. General Assembly and to the nations of the world.” “You see in the faces of our students here hope for the future,” she said. “We teach them that they are loved by God. We teach them to be men and women for others, and we teach them to be messengers of peace. Your eminence, you bless us with your presence and you inspire us in our work. Thank you.” Watch a video of the Mass below. Chris Gosier is research news director for Fordham Now. He can be reached at (646) 312-8267 or[email protected]. Sign up to receive the latest news from Fordham University. Type above and pressEnterto search. PressEscto cancel.