    Our mission to prepare students for lives of meaning, purpose, and active citizenship is inextricably tied to our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Serious intellectual inquiry and informed engagement with our ever-changing world depend on open dialogue among people with differing perspectives and values, and from different backgrounds. The work of achieving an inclusive, equitable community is of paramount importance. Hamilton is continually striving to make further progress through positive action, change, and growth. Some members of our community feel that they are not treated equitably due to their race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, physical ability, religion, socioeconomic status, or other factors. That’s not acceptable. At Hamilton, we celebrate diversity in all forms because our community benefits from the perspectives we share and the mutual respect we show one another. An appreciation for our differences connects us and is essential to providing the best education possible. We have work to do to be the community we aim to be. The College has made it a priority to develop and execute a comprehensive plan of action to effect sustainable, meaningful change in the short- and long-term. An Advisory Council, with broad representation, recommended further courses of sustainable action, informed by careful listening sessions with individuals and groups. Seeupdates on our progress. Building a community where everyone feels included, valued, and respected will take consistent effort from each one of us. We must all listen. We must elevate underrepresented voices. We must speak up against inequity, systemic racism, and bigotry. Join the conversation by sharing your ideas viaSpeak Up. From faculty and staff to students, Hamilton counts among its members many who are the first in their families to attend college. Our FirstUp initiative is an annual celebration of all first-generation community members on College Hill. From faculty and staff to students, Hamilton counts among its members many who are the first in their families to attend college. Our FirstUp initiative is an annual celebration of all first-generation community members on College Hill. Opportunity Program Takes to the Mic﻿ Hamilton is among several New York State colleges that administer the Arthur O. Eve Higher Education Opportunity Program, known on the Hill as simply “the Opportunity Program” or just “OP.” The Opportunity Program, designed to support students whose transition from high school to college may be made more difficult by their educational, socioeconomic, or personal circumstances, helps 30 to 40 new students each year acclimate to the College’s academic standards and social life. From Beats to Tradition: Tolles Lecture Celebrates Indigenous Culture and Talent﻿ This year’s Tolles Lecture featured a fusion of hip hop, power, protest, and humanity thanks to award-winning Indigenous DJ and producer Dan “DJ Shub” General. Four Questions for Koboul E. Mansour, Days-Massolo Center Director﻿ Communications Office writer Evan Robinson ’23 recently spoke with Koboul E. Mansour, the new director of the Days-Massolo Center, about her career and vision for the future. Below are some excerpts from their conversation. Help us provide an accessible education, offer innovative resources and programs, and foster intellectual exploration. ©2024Hamilton College.All Rights Reserved.