We know the world is interconnected and that true wisdom comes from a first-hand understanding of all cultures, faiths, experiences—that’s why we’re committed to fostering an environment of thoughtful exchange on- and off-campus.  Hartwick’s Office of Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging exists to contribute to the creation, influence, and sustainability of a community in which the dignity of all people is respected and affirmed through the promotion of dialogue and interaction between cultures. Here, we all contribute to creating an environment that’s safe, welcoming, and open. The SOAR Mentoring Program connects first-year and sophomore ALANA/BIPOC, LGBTQ+, and First Gen students with a mentor who shares the same affinity! Mentors may be Hartwick staff, faculty, alumni, or peer mentors. SOAR offers students meaningful and lasting mentor relationships that will aid them on their path to success. Hartwick College is committed to providing equal access to qualified students with disabilities. Learn More At Hartwick, we strive to provide an environment that promotes academic and personal growth and development of LGBTQ and Ally community members. Learn More We know that for many students spirituality is a vital part of their growth and development. Explore all the faith-based centers in Oneonta and find your perfect fit. Learn More Harry Bradshaw Matthews retired from Hartwick College in 2020 as the Associate Dean and Director, Office of Intercultural Affairs. He wasthe College’s first Director of Pluralism Programs, a term used in the early 90’s to articulate the value of diversity. These programs were then expanded into the Office of Intercultural Affairs where Matthews served as Associate Dean. During his tenure, Matthews spearheaded the Oyaron Hill Project which brought to light the College’s ties to the anti-slavery movement through the work of the Hartwick Seminary Abolitionists. Diverse affinity student organizations, which continue to serve our growing diverse and vibrant campus community, were established under Matthews’ mentorship. They included Pluralism Associates League of Students (PALS), Society of Sisters Unity/Brothers United (SOSU/BU), and the Black Student Alliance (BSA). Matthews individual efforts resulted in the College’s implementation of a new Diversity Statement and the establishment of a Campus Wide Diversity Committee. Matthews is the founding president of the United States Colored Troops Institute for Local History and Family Research. His work with the Institute promotes original historical and genealogical research about the 200,000 Black men who served in the Federal armed forces during the Civil War. It encourages communities in the United States, Canada and the Caribbean to discover their local USCT members and to place soldiers, their families and descendants in local historical contexts through educational and commemorative events. Hartwick student researchers have traced the lives of men who served. Additional research projects identified persons and family records of Freemen who served in the American Revolution. Under Matthews, The Hartwick College Harriet Tubman Mentoring Project Tubman Scholars documented Underground Railroad activity in Oneonta and surrounding communities. Hartwick students traced their ancestors to discover those who served in the US Civil War, WWI, WWII and the Korean War. The Institute’s Annual Mini-Conference brought genealogists and historians together with students to share their research. A Hartwick scholarship was established to honor Matthews and his wife Pamela called the “It Can Be Done” Award. DIBAs are work study students and interns who help us celebrate diversity in all of its forms through implementing programming, leading initiatives that boost morale, and performing other duties as assigned by professional staff in the Center. Yager Hall4th FloorHartwick CollegeOneonta, New York 13820607-431-4373