We work to support, sustain, and advance an inclusive and equitable culture where
                     diversity in all its forms is celebrated and thrives through the collective effort
                     of our community.  We pledge to uphold this commitment by: Through education, engagement, and advocacy, Manhattanville aspires to become a thought
                     leader in creating inclusive, transformative experiences and equitable opportunities
                     in higher education.   A “Bias Incident” is defined as anoral, written or visual use of degrading language or stereotypes, insults which, intentionally
                                 or not, communicate hostile or derogatory messages to persons based solely on their
                                 perceived identity including but not limited to age, race, creed, color, religion,
                                 national origin, immigration or citizenship status, ethnicity, sexual orientation,
                                 military status, sex, gender, disability, predisposing genetic characteristics, criminal
                                 conviction, marital status, familial status, domestic violence victim status, gender
                                 identity, or transgender identity. Anyone who has experienced or witnessed a Bias Incident is encouraged to complete
                                 a BERT report. Once an Incident is reported, a member of the Campus Bias Education
                                 Team will review the report and reach out to the complainant within 72 business hours. Title IX of the Education Amendment of 1972 protects people from discrimination based
                                 on gender in education programs or activities which receive Federal financial assistance.
                                 Athletic programs are not the only academic realm governed by Title IX. Title IX applies
                                 to all departments, programs and activities, on and off campus, available to students
                                 at Manhattanville University in addition to employment. Manhattanville University
                                 prohibits and will not tolerate sexual harassment, sexual violence, domestic violence,
                                 stalking and dating violence upon any member of the community. Established in 2020, the President Council on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion works
                                 to build and sustain diversity, equity, and inclusion across the campus so that all
                                 members of the community realize the educational benefits. The Council is charged
                                 with:    BAM Alumni is an organization designed to create space and community for Black Manhattanville
                                 students, past and present. Our intent is to foster, maintain and support a mutually-beneficial
                                 relationship between black alumni and the college. The Alliance is comprised of staff and faculty, and provides a welcoming space for
                                 coversation, and building community for community members of color. Our cultural clubs and organizations focus on building awareness and celebration of
                                 a wide variety of identities.    ©Manhattanville University 2024