The New School’s students, alums, and faculty engage in groundbreaking scholarly research, creative practice, and scholarship that has a global and social impact. Our 34 academic centers and institutes defy disciplinary  boundaries to address the world’s most pressing problems. Related Links College Websites Related Links The groundbreaking research and work done by our students, alumni, and faculty expand and redraw conventional boundaries. Explore work defined by rigorous methodology, deep exploration, and innovative problem solving. Related Links At The New School, your intellectual and creative journey moves seamlessly between the classroom and the city of New York. Discover a community that will inspire your interests and passions. Related Links No matter the area of study, New School students graduate with creative problem-solving skills that change how they investigate, contribute to, and live in the world. Explore inspiring stories from our entrepreneurial alumni, and learn more about how we help prepare you for life after graduation. Related Links The New School is implementing a financial aid guarantee beginning Fall 2024 for all programs. The guarantee gives students and families the certainty that their institutional scholarships and grants from us will
            never be reduced, even if financial circumstances change or after a semester with a less than ideal GPA. Related Links  The New School is committed to ensuring an equitable, inclusive, and socially just environment for all students, staff, and faculty. This goal arises from our legacy and is carried forward today in new contexts and with new relevance and urgency. It is
    upheld by our students, staff, and faculty, who reflect our society's diversity of thought and identity. These efforts take focus, examination, robust participation, and shared commitment. Work to advance equity, inclusion, and social justice (EISJ) at The New School occurs in and across all parts of the university. It is integrated into our curriculum, pedagogy,programming, andcenters and institutes. TheMellon Initiative for Inclusive Faculty Excellenceaims to increase demographic and intellectual diversity at the doctoral, post-doctoral, and professorship levels through intellectual
    community, mentorship, and professional development. The New School’s Equity, Inclusion, and Social Justice (EISJ) Committee makes recommendations and takes action to align and support the entire community around equity, inclusion, and social justice policies, praxis, and outcomes. The committee also serves as a source of support to committee members who are charged with this work. Membershipconsists of stakeholders leading EISJ initiatives across the university, including members of the Faculty and Staff Senates, faculty and deans in the colleges, and key staff in administrative offices. The New School, Wollman Hall False The New School, Starr Foundation Hall The New School, Starr Foundation Hall The New School, University Center, Starr Foundation Hall In 2018–2019, The New School conducted a campus climate assessment to understand the experiences, needs, and values of our students, faculty, and staff. This report helped us focus our efforts. Copyright © 2024 The New School To apply to any of our undergraduate programs (except the Bachelor's Program for Adults and Transfer Students and Parsons Associate of Applied Science programs) complete and submit the Common App online. Learn more aboutHow to Apply To apply to any of our Bachelor's Program for Adults and Transfer Students and Parsons Associate of Applied Science programs, complete and submit the New School Online Application. Learn more aboutHow to Apply To apply to any of our Master's, Doctoral, Professional Studies Diploma, and Graduate Certificate programs, complete and submit the New School Online Application. Learn more aboutHow to Apply