Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution. Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe. Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges. An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities. Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields. Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution. Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe. Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges. An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities. Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields. Through a wide range of student-run clubs and organizations, myriad centers and programs, and numerous opportunities to join or develop committees that positively impact the community, all students can participate in and steward a culture that promotes understanding, inclusion, and equity.   Connect with like-minded peers, grow through shared experience, and strengthen your network of support across NYU.  Discover student-focused diversity and inclusion educational opportunities developed to continually advance NYU's dedication to equity and belonging.  Connect with the centers, programs, and organizations of your choice—and discover your communities within the NYU community.  The Office of Global Inclusion, Diversity, and Strategic Innovation (OGI) is committed to building a more equitable, diverse, and inclusive NYU — both in New York City and throughout the world. We help students discover and engage with a holistic range of resources at NYU. In addition to our centers and communities, OGI is part of a broad spectrum of programs and services that span across the following partners at the university level, with additional resources housed within NYU schools and departments, including: Learn more about the work OGI doesto fulfill NYU's commitment to building and strengthening diversity in research, inclusion in scholarship, and equity in learning across our community. 