At St. Francis College, welcoming, hospitality, and belonging serve to enrich our community while empowering our students, faculty, and staff to fully embrace the world in both words and deeds. Our Franciscan institution and tradition are dedicated to the advancement of diversity, equity, and inclusion as integral tenets of our mission. We are committed to fostering a nurturing campus through access and equality for all. Moreover, we are dedicated to infusing our curriculum and co-curriculum with our Franciscan values of learning, integrity, respect, family, faith, safety, justice, and care for creation. We pledge to actively seek out areas in need of improvement and treat them as opportunities to teach, learn, and grow as we continue becoming an institution free from discrimination and harmful bias. Our Franciscan legacies of peace, lifelong learning, and action ensure that we continually reform ourselves as compassionate advocates for a more just and inclusive society. SFC continues to increase access and equity for historically underserved students, faculty and staff, to improve campus climate for all members of the campus community and to infuse inclusive excellence initiatives into the curriculum and co-curriculum. We commit to redoubling our efforts to be a caring Franciscan community, to be upstanders for safety, security, inclusion, and justice. Moreover, we commit to unlearning our biases, to end daily expressions of discrimination - big and small, overt and subtle. We commit to lifelong learning and action. Aligned with our Franciscan mission, when a young person graduates from St. Francis College, they should not only have achieved academic milestones, but have seen holistic growth as a human, understanding how to lift up oneself as well as those who have additional barriers in their path. Our students must also be prepared to break down these barriers for anyone who comes after and challenge our leaders who refuse to correct these societal failures. SFC must be a space for diverse thought exchange where every student, especially our Black and Brown students, knows they are valued and welcome. Without this, our education falls short of its goal, and falls short of our commitment to each and every Terrier. Lifting Every Voice, we need to sing proudly that although we are a small College, we have the capacity to imagine and most importantly, to create a community where all our brothers and sisters have an opportunity to live a dignified life. All members of the St. Francis College community take seriously the command to “love our neighbor,” and it is not something that we only espouse, it is something we are prepared to enact. “We cannot tolerate or turn a blind eye to racism and exclusion in any form and yet claim to defend the sacredness of human life.” A new discussion series that exposes St. Francis College students to seasoned professionals who share stories of their journeys, how they prepared and the importance of mentorship to their professional success. Hosted by the Office of the President. A safe space for open conversations among small groups in which participants can openly and candidly express themselves and listen and learn from their peers in a safe, supportive, non-judgmental environment. Hosted by the Office of Multicultural Affairs and Student Health Services. Inspired by the charism of St. Francis of Assisi and flowing from the mission of St. Francis College, the programs offered by the Office of Mission, Ministry and Interfaith Dialogue are aimed at the development of the whole person. We seek to provide an atmosphere of genuine friendship and support, and we strive to promote a strong and inclusive community through social responsibility, mutual respect, service, justice and spiritual growth. Working in collaboration with other departments, the office focuses particularly on the spiritual development of students and of the college community. View all the Clubs & Organizations at St. Francis College. 179 Livingston StreetBrooklyn, NY11201-9902(718) 522-2300 We use cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies.