Our academic programs are student-customized in an environment that connects, coordinates and electrifies our entire community. Our students participate in an exceptional environment that promotes education, career exploration and opportunity, socialization, and recreation. Our mission has prevailed with a timeless message of inclusion, belonging, service, personal sacrifice, ethical leadership, faith and academic excellence. B.A., Literature, Writing and Publishing B.S., Biology B.S./M.S., Accounting B.A., Global Studies and Political Science B.A., Psychology B.S., Nursing B.S., Information Technology B.A., Psychology B.S., Exercise and Movement Science BA Communication Arts BS Biology B.A., Media and Communication B.A./M.A., Psychology B.A./M.A., Psychology B.S./M.S., Accounting and B.S., IT “The best part of my internship at Hanging Loose Press is that I attend meetings where editors decide which manuscripts ultimately will get published. I’ve gained a lot of insight into this process.” “I have held leadership roles as president of the Pre-Med Club and SFC’s chapter of the TriBeta Biological Honor Society, while also serving as secretary of the Environmental Club.” “St. Francis College's rigorous curriculum and dedicated faculty have provided me with the knowledge and skills needed to understand the intricacies of business operations from the inside out.” “As president of SFC's Amnesty International chapter for the last two years, I have led efforts to write more than 1,000 advocacy letters for a variety of causes.” “My dream career path is one that involves serving and interacting with people, especially immigrant communities. I hope to pursue an advanced degree in social work upon graduating from SFC.” “I am confident in the skills I have developed at St. Francis College and will be able to apply them in any field of nursing.” “I have accepted an opportunity to join Serhant, a real-estate brokerage firm, as their technical operations manager. As I embark on this journey, I remain resolute in making meaningful contributions.” “No matter what I end up doing career-wise, I want to advocate for people with disabilities. There are a lot of opportunities here to gain experience and get your foot in the door.” “Since I live in California, it would have been impossible for me to pursue a degree at SFC had it not been online. I am honored to be the first to complete this fantastic program.” “There is a small intimate [filmmaking] community here that drove me creatively. Especially Dr. Palmer...she became a mentor in a way. We are on the same playing field with our interest in film.” “What I experienced at St. Francis College is priceless. It has enabled me to develop a Franciscan spirit, and I view that as an accomplishment.” “Ever since I was a child, I have wanted to be...a storyteller, and acting — along with writing — are the ways I have found to navigate my childhood dreams.” “My dream is to practice as a clinical neuropsychologist and specialize in working with those who have suffered traumatic brain injuries.” “Dr. SungHun Kim in the psychology department is a great mentor. He challenged me to think more creatively and critically about the unique experiences individuals go through.” “I decided to pursue two majors — accounting and IT. As an integral part of the finance world, accounting offers limitless career opportunities.” St. Francis College earns top spots on U.S. News & World Report's annual college rankings. 179 Livingston StreetBrooklyn, NY11201-9902(718) 522-2300 We use cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies.