During his senior year at Skidmore, Alex Blaker ’08 boarded a plane for a study abroad program in Australia; he returned with an idea for Tech Supplier, a worldwide distributor of consumer electronics. HIs experience is an example of Skidmore's entrepreneurial spirit. In a big week for awards, eight Skidmore College student-athletes earned four Liberty League weekly awards. Additionally, three players representing three different team's were selected to the Honor Roll. The mission of the Office of Student Diversity and Inclusion (OSDI) is to provide
                           support, resources, programming, leadership development opportunities, and advocacy
                           for students at Skidmore College using frameworks of equity and social justice. We
                           work towards belonging and liberation for students of all identities at Skidmore through
                           buildingcommunities of carethat foster leadership, personal and professional development, and positive and sustainable
                           relationships across difference. We also seek to provide educational opportunities
                           for the Skidmore community related to privilege, oppression, power, equity, and justice
                           around race, ethnicity, class, age, body size, gender identity and expression, sexuality,
                           ability, religion/spirituality, and their intersections in support of student success
                           and an inclusive campus community. We collaborate with other campus departments and
                           offices to cultivate learning, development, and leadership; promote academic excellence;
                           build community across difference; and enhance the lives of all students at Skidmore. OSDI envisions Skidmore College to be an equity and justice-centered institution that
                           recognizes and affirms the intersectional realities of people’s lives and challenges
                           systems of oppression. We seek to foster intentional relationships across difference
                           to examine, learn, and understand our collective responsibility to create more liberatory
                           communities. 1Adams, M., Bell, L. A., Goodman, D. J., Shlasko, D., Briggs, R. R., & Pacheco, R.
                           (Eds.). (2022). Teaching for Diversity and Social Justice, 4th ed. Routledge.  518-580-8103 osdi@skidmore.edu Office of Student Diversity & InclusionSkidmore College815 North BroadwaySaratoga Springs, NY 12866 campus life & engagement Leadership Activities Religious & Spiritual Life  Map & Directions