Stony Brook University is the recipient of a $500,000 Innovation Driven by Evidence and Advanced Strategies (IDEAS) grant. Two Stony Brook University graduate students attended the 2024 National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science in San Antonio Stony Brook University’s Judith Brown Clarke recently served on a panel discussion at the 79th session of the United Nations General Assembly. The Stony Brook University community gathered on October 2 to celebrate the 35th year of Hispanic Heritage Month with its annual Opening Celebration. Stony Brook University has scheduled a series of programs for National Disability Employment Awareness Month to help maintain an accessible university. Stony Brook University is celebrating its 35th year of Hispanic Heritage Month, which honors the remarkable contributions of Hispanic and Latino Americans. Stony Brook University’s Office of Procurement held its annual Supplier Diversity Fair September 25, attended by 30 exhibitors and more than 200 faculty & staff The second cohort of Stony Brook University’s Simons STEM Scholars Program came to Stony Brook in July for a six-week Summer Bridge Program. Joseph M. Pierce, associate professor at Stony Brook University, is one of the 2024-2025 Scholars in Residence at the Museum of Modern Art The Academy of Civic Life is a pre-college summer program at Stony Brook University that addresses issues of inequity in access to higher education. Two Stony Brook University faculty are providing equitable beach access to underserved communities on Long Island's North Shore with a new shuttle service. This fall, EOP/AIM at Stony Brook University proudly welcomes 262 students, its largest incoming class, highlighting the university's commitment to diversity Stony Brook University and the Simons Foundation have been named a recipient of the Insight Into Diversity magazine 2024 Inspiring Programs in STEM Award. In Omar Badessi’s Spanish language classes, music and poetry are used to transform the educational experience, making it more enjoyable and effective. Stony Brook University's Karah Munnings was one of 52 students in SUNY's Educational Opportunity Program honored with the Norman R. McConney, Jr. Award for Student Excellence June is Pride Month, and the Stony Brook University community is celebrating with a number of events on and off campus. Stony Brook University’s Simons STEM Scholars Program celebrated its second cohort of students May 11 at the Simons Foundation’s Flatiron Institute. Stony Brook Medicine celebrated 55 juniors and seniors from local high schools at the Health Occupations Partnership for Excellence (HOPE) Program ceremony     © 2024Stony Brook University Get the latest word on Stony Brook news, discoveries and people.Leave this field empty if you're human:   Get the latest word on Stony Brook news,discoveries and people.  