By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with ourprivacy policy. We have a history of believing everyone’s contributions matter, which is why we continue to be committed to creating an inclusive and accessible environment for all. We are committed to fostering a culture of inclusive excellence that embraces diversity in all its forms. The University recognizes that an enriching educational environment is one where individuals from varied backgrounds, perspectives and experiences come together to learn and grow. Through initiatives, programs and policies, we strive to create an atmosphere where every member of our campus community feels valued, respected and empowered. This commitment to inclusive excellence extends across academic, social, and cultural dimensions, ensuring that students, faculty, and staff contribute to a collective learning experience that prepares individuals to thrive in a globally interconnected world. Below are some of the ways that we seek to cultivate an inclusive and diverse community where differences are both elevated and celebrated. We are fully committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive and respectful campus community, not only in vision but in practice. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion is rooted in the belief that multiple points of view, life experiences, ethnicities, cultures and belief systems are essential to academic excellence. Everyone deserves access to opportunity, including those with disabilities. Our extensive programs, services and resources recognize the potential in all of us by opening pathways to educational and professional pursuits. Across campus, we provide a variety of spaces and services that serve as culturally affirming gathering places for all students where they are encouraged to share their perspectives and experiences within these spaces. It’s important to have resources that are accessible to different demographics. Accessibility Resources The Office of Diversity and Inclusion supports the ongoing development of an accessible university that embraces disability as an aspect of diversity. InclusiveU Every student deserves the opportunity to have a college experience that furthers their dreams. By creating a fully inclusive setting, InclusiveU provides pathways for students with intellectual and developmental disabilities to have a full and vibrant college experience at Syracuse University. From classes and coursework to sporting and social events, we offer opportunities for students to participate in every aspect of campus life and become vital members of our Orange community. Inclusion Policies Syracuse University is an equal-opportunity, affirmative action institution. Our nondiscrimination policy covers admissions, employment, and access to and treatment in University programs, services and activities. Syracuse University has a long tradition of creating, promoting and enhancing a diverse and inclusive campus community. Browse the timeline below to learn more about the our legacy of diversity, equity and inclusion. March 24, 1870 |  Promotes equal education for men and women From the beginning, Syracuse University was founded on the principle of promoting equal education for men and women. Aug. 16, 1943 | Maxwell School welcomes its first female professor Marguerite J. Fisher G’42 (Ph.D.) becomes the first female professor at the Maxwell School. June 8, 1948 | Syracuse University enrolls more veterans through the GI Bill than any other New York university After the Servicemen’s Readjustment Act of 1944 (better known as the GI Bill), veteran enrollment at Syracuse University soared. Almost 10,000 veterans were enrolled during the 1947-48 school year. Though small, the University enrolled more veterans through the GI Bill than any other university in New York. May 12, 1971 |  Establishes an intercollegiate athletics program for women Syracuse University establishes an intercollegiate athletics program for women. Oct. 1, 2001 | LGBTQ Resource Center opens Since its inception, the LGBTQ+ Resource Center has endeavored to build community within and beyond campus, raise awareness of LGBTQ+ identities and experiences, offer support to LGBTQ+ campus community members, and build a safer campus for all. The staff pursues these goals by planning and executing a number of annual events, including LGBTQ+ History Month, Lavender Graduation, HalloQueen Ball, Trans Week of Liberation and Queer Prom. Oct. 19, 2001 | Maxwell unveils wall display honoring Syracuse University women The Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs unveiled its permanent wall display honoring the women of Syracuse University of 1870-2000 in the Marguerite J. Fisher Seminar Room, 012 Eggers Hall. May 17, 2011 | Disability Cultural Center opening announced Syracuse University announces the founding of the Disability Cultural Center. Since its official opening in October 2012, the DCC has served and engaged faculty, staff, students, alumni, community members and others. Oct. 11, 2016 | Indigenous Peoples' Day celebrated on campus and in the community Syracuse University celebrates its first Indigenous Peoples’ Day to recognize and honor the history, cultures and contributions of Indigenous peoples and to raise awareness and generate dialogue across the campus community. 900 South Crouse Ave. Syracuse, NY 13244