A Union of differences Come as you are, and stay true to who you are. That's just the beginning of living in a diverse and inclusive community like Union. You'll be inspired to engage and connect with other students, staff and faculty members from a variety of backgrounds. Ethnic and cultural diversity enrich our student life, academic programs and campus activities. As Union College President David Harris puts it, "At Union, you'll learn about yourself as you walk with people whose paths are familiar to you as well as with people who have walked very different paths." A Union of differences Come as you are, and stay true to who you are. That's just the beginning of living in a diverse and inclusive community like Union. You'll be inspired to engage and connect with other students, staff and faculty members from a variety of backgrounds. Ethnic and cultural diversity enrich our student life, academic programs and campus activities. As Union College President David Harris puts it, "At Union, you'll learn about yourself as you walk with people whose paths are familiar to you as well as with people who have walked very different paths." TheOffice of Accommodative Servicesis committed to providing students with disabilities equal opportunities to benefit from all College services, programs and activities. Campus diversity and inclusioncreates a learning community that promotes diversity, inclusion and equity through programming and relationship building. TheOffice of Intercultural Affairsis committed to building a welcoming learning and living community that is diverse, inclusive and equitable. We aspire to engage, connect and challenge our students, faculty and staff to be change agents through purposeful educational experiences that promote respect, inclusion and cross-cultural understanding. Union is committed to fostering and maintaining an environment that is welcoming and safe for all students and employees. We offer an array of resources to help members of theLGBTQ+ communityfit in, grow and thrive. Union values religion and spirituality as a crucial part of cultural diversity and identity and is dedicated to building religious fluency among students.Several spiritual advisersrepresenting different faith traditions are here to offer guidance and support. Union'sTheme Housesoffer like-minded students the chance to live together and connect over common interests. UNITASsolicits and reviews applications from students, faculty, staff and alumni and gives grants to make ideas that support innovative diversity programming. White text reading 'Union College' (518) 388-6000Admissions:(518) 388-6112    807 Union Street Schenectady, NY 12308 © 2024Trustees of Union College·Student consumer information·Website privacy policy