Library Apply Start your application to Davidson today. The Arts Inspire at Davidson Diversity & Inclusion    Davidson College - Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion209 Ridge RdBox 5000Davidson, NC 28035 The Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion fosters an inclusive and welcoming environment on campus. The Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion pursues this goal by providing direct support services, educational programming and community building opportunities within and across social groups. The CSDI seeks to engage all students in diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. The Center helps achieve this by partnering with the offices of academic access and disability resources, international student programs, and religious and spiritual life to support student-organizations that closely align with respective office missions and programming initiatives to uplift the intersections of culture and identity. Students from ethnic and racial backgrounds that have been historically and systemically underrepresented and underserved. Students who may identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, gender non-conforming, queer, asexual, intersex, etc.). Students who are the first to attend a higher education institution andneither of their parents graduated from a four-year college or university with a bachelor's degree or equivalent. Students attending college within the United States who hold an nonimmigrant or undocumented status. *The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion acknowledges the challenges of language when categorizing the social identity. The Center is committed to continually reviewing the terminology to best represent the above groups in the language that best reflects and affirms their individual and collective identities. Find and connect with groups and programs available for peers to support one another, ranging from student affinity groups to pre-orientation programs. Davidson offers community spaces open for student use. These spaces include the Lavender Lounge, The Spencer Weinstein Center for Community and Justice, and The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion. From Pride Fest to LatinX Graduation, explore upcoming events hosted by the CSDI by checking out Wildcat Sync (Davidson login required). Davidson is committed to providing a safe and inclusive environment for all members of the community. We encourage those who have experienced bias or hate incidents to report them. Bias Incident Reporting and Resources Report a Bias Incident or Hate Crime Davidson, North Carolina 28035 (704) 894-2000