Library Apply Start your application to Davidson today. The Arts Inspire at Davidson Diversity & Inclusion Davidson College understands that cultivating a broadly diverse community is crucial to our educational mission and to our foundational commitment to leadership and service. We strive to sustain a culture of belonging for staff, faculty, and students from diverse cultures, ethnicities, races, religions, sexual orientations, gender identities, ages, national origins, socio-economic backgrounds, and abilities.Our policiesdo not discriminate, our studentCode of Responsibilitycenters valuing individual differences and condemns discrimination, and our employee benefits plans reflect our commitment to all staff, including our lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, and asexual (LGBTQIA) staff. We believe that these policies are crucial to the realization of our aspirations and that they enable us to recruit, develop, and retain the highest caliber colleagues and students. Davidson encourages students to acknowledge and discuss the faith traditions and spiritual practices of its diverse student body. The college, through student interest groups and Davidson-sponsored programmatic efforts, supports students of allfaith and religious traditionsand those without specific traditions. Please contact our office if you have any questions or for more information about our approach to inclusion and equity. Chloe PostonVice President for Diversity, Equity and InclusionOffice: Chambers 1070chposton@davidson.edu Davidson College is dedicated to intellectual and cultural growth in the broadest sense. Davidson prides itself on a student body made up of talented people from the U.S. and other nations, chosen not only for their academic achievement, but also for their unique combination of talent, aptitude, worldview, service and aspiration.College's Factfile The Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion fosters an inclusive and welcoming environment on campus. The Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion provides direct support services, community spaces, educational programming, leadership development and community-building opportunities within and across social groups. Davidson College believes fundamentally in the dignity and worth of every human being. Faculty and staff are committed to assisting students in developing humane instincts and disciplined and creative minds for lives of leadership and service. Cultivating a broadly diverse community is crucial to our educational mission and purpose. Learn more about Faculty and Staff Affinity Groups and Equity Advisers At Davidson College, we believe the college grows stronger by recruiting and retaining a diverse faculty and staff committed to building an inclusive community. In keeping with Davidson's commitment to the quest for truth, the college appointed aCommission on Race and Slaveryto examine the college’s history, which is intertwined with the institution and legacies of slavery and the lives of enslaved persons. A look inside the inaugural Davidson College Summer Promise Program, a free, week-long college readiness program for rising ninth graders. Learn more. Identity networks represent and advocate for underrepresented populations within the Davidson alumni body. In addition to giving, the networks are an opportunity to support the community's antiracism efforts at Davidson. Davidson, North Carolina 28035 (704) 894-2000