Library Apply Start your application to Davidson today. The Arts Inspire at Davidson Diversity & Inclusion Differences are grounds for exploration. Not only do our students accept differences—they are driven to explore them. Students have the opportunity to live with, learn from, and share experiences with students of different backgrounds, beliefs, and perspectives. This work begins with theOffice of Admission and Financial Aid, where we strive to enrich our community by attracting and supporting students of diverse backgrounds and perspectives through their college search and application process. Access Davidsonis a selective college visit program designed for high school seniors from historically excluded racial and ethnic groups, those who are first in their family to attend college, and students from rural or low-income backgrounds. This year's programming will be held on campus. Apply for Access Davidson We value the work community-based organizations engage in to support students through their college search and application process. We are committed to supporting the efforts of our CBO counseling partners throughout the year, whether through virtual visits or while on the road. If you are a counselor with a CBO, we encourage you to connect withyour regional admission counselor. Davidson students reflect on their decision to come to Davidson, ways they've gotten involved with disability advocacy on campus, resources that support their experience and advice for prospective students with disabilities going through the college process. Disability Resources & Student Experience at Davidson Navigating Disability in the College Process For students utilizing the QuestBridge application or those attending high school outside of the United States and Puerto Rico, there is no application fee. For domestic students, if the application fee poses a financial hardship, please contact us atadmission@davidson.eduto request a fee waiver. Requesting a fee waiver does not disadvantage your application for admission in any way. During the week of October 21-27, 2024, North Carolina residents may submit the Common Application to Davidson for free. Students may obtain the waiver by choosing "North Carolina College Application Week" on the dropdown menu of school-specific fee waivers on the Common Application. Please contact us atadmission@davidson.eduwith questions and to learn more about the NC Countdown to College. We encourage interested students to apply for admission regardless of their immigration status. At Davidson, undocumented students are considered domestic applicants. Please contact Marlene Arellano, Associate Director & Director of Diversity and Inclusion, atmaarellano@davidson.eduwith questions about the admission and financial aid process. Learn More About Resources For Undocumented Students Through a three-part dynamic assessment process, our staff partners with the Posse Foundation to select two cohorts of Scholars—called Posses—every fall.This year, Davidson will be recruiting Posses from Miami and from across the country through the Virtual Posse program As a proud QuestBridge partner institution, every year we admit and enroll high-achieving low-income students through the National College Match program and QuestBridge Regular Decision. Learn more about our QuestBridge partnership The Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion fosters an inclusive and welcoming environment on campus for systemically underrepresented student populations including students of color, students of diverse genders and sexualities, first-generation students and undocumented students. Davidson encourages students to acknowledge and discuss the faith traditions and spiritual practices of its diverse student body and supports students of all faiths and religious traditions. The Chaplains' Office nurtures a spiritual environment, offering a wide range of opportunities for worship, fellowship, service and study. The AADR Office provides academic support to any student seeking to improve their academic performance and supports students with disabilities to provide equal access to the college’s campus, services, programs and activities. We understand that being part of a residential community like Davidson can be an expensive experience, so we’re humbled to be able to offer many great services for students of any background as they make their transition from high school to college to post-Davidson. There are a number of student-led organizations and affinity groups that promote advocacy, belonging and community building. These organizations work to elevate the experiences of historically excluded and underrepresented identities. Beyond our deeply supportive and tight-knit community, Davidson offers a wide array of services, programs, grants and other types of student support. Explore the many resources from loaner laptops to public speaking consultants to emergency financial support and so much more. Davidson, North Carolina 28035 (704) 894-2000