Given Duke’s location in the American South and history as an institution that systemically excluded Black Americans from the opportunity to learn and teach, we have an obligation to actively dismantle any remaining effects of that legacy. The results of our first Campus Climate Survey (now Campus Culture Survey) reinforce the importance of addressing challenges facing the Black and underrepresented members of our community. This site is a growing repository of information about our equity work, including data regularly collected and publicized to monitor our progress, details of new and ongoing programs, research highlights, and educational and training materials for wider use across the Duke community. Duke staff, faculty and students are invited to share their experiences in the new Campus Culture Survey that will be available through March 17th. As a follow-up tothe 2021 survey, thenew surveywill help show where progress has been made and where more effort is needed to create a more welcoming, supportive and equitable campus environment. “With the first Duke Campus Culture Survey, we realized that the racial and ethnic identities on campus were leading to different experiences at Duke… It is a living document, and it’s an opportunity for all of us to use it and to learn from what others are doing.” Kim Hewitt, Vice President for Institutional Equity and Chief Diversity Officer, and Abbas Benmamoun, Vice Provost for Faculty Advancement, highlight the objectives of REAC. People from across the university volunteer for REAC subcommittees to add a variety of perspective on this important work. Campus Climate & Assessment Using data to identify gaps in policy and practices, and informing educational and training opportunities that support equity at Duke. Education Examining how Duke engages in racial equity work through knowledge and skill development, as well as how to support units to improve climate through learning. Communication Working to increase transparency and engagement related to race and equity work on campus by increasing efforts to inform and involve each member of the community. Infrastructure & Policies Examining the capacity and structural support for strategic initiatives and reviewing institutional policies and practices that address equity. “We are deepening our commitments to racial and social equity, and I am very grateful for the continued work of the Racial Equity Advisory Council and the Offices of Institutional Equity and Faculty Advancement, which are driving this important initiative into its third year.” October 8, 2024 October 1, 2024 September 17, 2024 Read more on Duke Today » Friday, October 25, 2024 at 7:00pm Tuesday, October 29, 2024 at 6:00am Tuesday, October 29, 2024 at 8:00am Find more on Duke Calendar » Duke Duke University2080 Duke University RoadDurham, NC 27708 Contact / FeedbackAccessibility ©
							2024Racial Equity Powered by WordPress