The Office is home to centers, programs and initiatives that educate, engage and empower the Guilford College community through advancing inclusive excellence, partnerships and collaborations that contribute to attaining the College’s diversity, equity, and inclusion goals. Make Guilford College a premier institution that ensures the principles of diversity, equity and inclusion are embedded in the framework of everything we do and celebrated throughout the campus community. Inclusive excellence is the work and practice of diversity and inclusiveness at Guilford College. The essence of inclusive excellence is the acknowledgment and acceptance of the talents, perceptions, worldviews, cultures and skills that diverse communities bring to the educational journey that can be utilized to prepare students for leading, living and working in a diverse world. African American, Native American, Latinx, LGBTQ, Asian American, white, women, veterans, people with disabilities, Jewish, Christian, International, Muslim, alumni and many other communities of students, staff and faculty contribute positively to all dimensions of the college. Every individual and group at Guilford College is a critical component of and contributor to diversity and inclusiveness. Making a difference in diversity at Guilford is the essence of inclusive excellence.  Title IX is part of a 1972 Federal Education Law. It prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in any federally funded program or activity. Sexual harassment and sexual violence are forms of sex discrimination. Guilford College is committed to providing an environment free from discrimination, including based upon sex.  Guilford College is committed to maintaining a diverse community in an atmosphere of mutual respect and appreciation of differences. The purpose of the Bias Incident Resource Group is to support the College’s efforts to maintain an inclusive campus climate by establishing a mechanism by which it responds to bias incidents. 5800 West Friendly AvenueGreensboro NC 27410336.316.2000admission@guilford.edu Policy LibraryFeedbackTitle IX and Equal OpportunityNon-Discrimination  If you would like to keep your notes for further reference, please create an account.  or Already have an account?Log in