Johnson C. Smith University is committed to making sure a focus is placed on protecting our community in alignment with all state, federal, and local laws, and ordinances. The Office of Title IX & Equity Compliance (TIXEC) is committed to maintaining an environment free from sexual assault; sexual harassment and discrimination; relationship violence and stalking; gender-based misconduct; and hate bias in all educational programs and activities. We do this by seeking out tangible ways to create and maintain a safe environment in which all members of the University community- students, faculty, staff, and community members- can learn or work free from the fear of these offenses. JCSU’s core values are steeped in Integrity; Student-Centeredness; Service; Financial Sustainability; Excellence; Inclusive Equity; and Respect for Institutional Legacy. In alignment with the core values, JCSU’s (Johnson C Smith University) Office of Title IX & Equity Compliance promotes and coordinates the University’s efforts related toTitle IX and Sex Discriminationfrom the US Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights (OCR).  The U.S. Department of Education’sOffice for Civil Rights(OCR) enforces, among other statutes, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. Title IX protects people from discrimination based on sex in education programs or activities that receive federal financial assistance. Title IX states:  No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance. The office’s mission is to provide compliance with Title IX and Sex Discrimination, under the auspice of the Division of Student Affairs and Enrollment Management, that is proactive, fair, educational, engaging, supportive, equitable, and inclusive to the campus and community. Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. Title IX protects people from discrimination based on sex in education programs or activities that receive federal financial assistance. Title IX applies to schools, local and state educational agencies, and other institutions that receive federal financial assistance from the Department. You can reach the Title IX Coordinator- Jordan H. Brooks atjbrooks@jcsu.edu The Office for Title IX and Equity Compliance is located in Biddle Hall Suite 120. Individuals who have been impacted by issues that fall within the scope of Title IX are entitled to supportive measures that make sure they have equal access to educational programs, and university activities. This also includes Title IX obligations for recruitment, admissions, and counseling; financial assistance; athletics; sex-based harassment, which encompasses sexual assault and other forms of sexual violence; treatment of pregnant and parenting students; treatment of LGBTQI+ students; discipline; single-sex education; and employment.    TheStalking Prevention, Awareness, & Resource Center (SPARC)is a federally funded project providing education and resources about the crime of stalking.   Safe Horizonis the nation’s leading victim assistance organization, operating a network of programs across New York City communities and systems. We work with survivors of all forms of violence, including racism, to move from crisis to confidence.   The mission of theNational Center for Victims of Crimeis to forge a national commitment to help victims of crime rebuild their lives.  Johnson C. Smith University (JCSU) adheres to all federal, state, and local civil rights laws prohibiting discrimination and harassment in employment and education. The Johnson C. Smith University does not discriminate in its admissions practices, employment practices, or educational programs or activities on the basis of sex, except as may be permitted by law. Since Johnson C. Smith University is a recipient of federal financial assistance for education activities, JCSU is required by Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (Title IX) to ensure that all of its education programs and activities do not discriminate on the basis of sex. Sex includes sex, sex stereotypes, sex characteristics, gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy or related conditions. Sex discrimination is prohibited under Title IX and by Johnson C. Smith University Policy, and it includes sex-based harassment, sexual assault, dating and domestic violence, stalking, quid pro quo harassment, hostile environment harassment, disparate treatment, and disparate impact. Johnson C. Smith University also prohibits retaliation against any person opposing discrimination or harassment or participating in any internal or external investigation or complaint process related to allegations of sex discrimination. Any Johnson C. Smith University faculty member, employee, or student who acts to deny, deprive, or limit the educational, employment, residential, or social access, opportunities, and/or benefits of any member of the Johnson C. Smith University community on the basis of sex is in violation ofthe policy. Any person may report sex discrimination (whether or not the person reporting is alleged to have experienced the conduct) in person, by mail, by telephone, by video, or by email, using the contact information listed for the Administrator (below). A report may be made at any time (including during non-business hours) by contactingTitleIX@jcsu.eduor campus police at704.378.1000. Questions regarding Title IX, including its application and/or concerns about noncompliance, should be directed to the Title IX Coordinator. For acomplete copy of the Policycontact the Title IX Coordinator and Deputy Title IX Coordinator.  For sex-based allegations: Dr. Jordan H. BrooksTitle IX Coordinator for StudentsBiddle Hall Suite 120100 Beatties Ford Road704-378-1132TitleIX@jcsu.edu OR Ms. Maudre AddisonDeputy Title IX Coordinator for Faculty and StaffSmith Cottage100 Beatties Ford Road704.378.1228TitleIX@jcsu.edu A person may also file a complaint with the appropriate federal, state, or local agency within the time frame required by law. Depending upon the nature of the complaint, the appropriate agency may be the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights (OCR), the Department of Justice, and/or another appropriate federal or state agency. Office for Civil Rights (OCR) U.S. Department of Education400 Maryland Avenue, SWWashington, D.C. 20202-1100Customer Service Hotline #:800.421.3481Facsimile:202.453.6012TDD#:877.521.2172Email: OCR@ed.govWeb:http://www.ed.gov/ocr Within any Resolution Process related to this Policy, Johnson C. Smith University provides reasonable accommodations to persons with disabilities and religious accommodations, when that accommodation is consistent with federal and state law.  100 Beatties Ford RoadCharlotte, NC 28216704.378.1000 © 2022 Johnson C. Smith University