Johnson C. Smith University is an academic community and workplace environment which values diversity and the intellectual growth that results from the sharing and expression of different ideas and perspectives. Johnson C. Smith University’s commitment to diversity and inclusion is strong and unwavering, and we espouse those values beyond the gates of our campus. JCSU actively recruits high-achieving students, faculty and staff from different cultures, races, religions, socio-economic backgrounds, ethnicities and nationalities. Johnson C. Smith University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability or veteran status as it relates to student enrollment or hiring. By creating a campus community that embraces inclusiveness, JCSU believes that all involved in the academic enterprise will grow intellectually, emotionally, socially and culturally while developing a sense of social responsibility. We use our intellectual and social capital to build trust and promote relationships across all boundaries to sustain community assets when working with neighborhoods surrounding the campus and with communities throughout the city. Through direct actions on campus and partnerships with key organizations in the community, Johnson C. Smith University is steadfast in our dedication to serving as a catalyst for social change resulting in a global society that is grounded in social justice for all humankind. Johnson C. Smith University believes in respecting the experience of all individuals and is committed to making sure that our website is accessible to all, regardless of ability. We make every effort to enhance the usability of our website, ensuring a positive experience for all. The university takes a variety of steps to continually enhance the accessibility of our website through monitoring and testing. In creating the website, the university consulted with accessibility experts to ensure that we meet the nationally recognized World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 Level AA.The goal of the university is to strive to adhere to all established standards and guidelines for accessibility and usability, but it may not be possible to do so in all areas of the website. In providing you with continuous innovation, some content may become inaccessible during the process. For example, missing alternate text, low color contrast images, and/or redundant links. We are continuously monitoring the website to identify and resolve any issues we find as quickly as possible.If you have difficulty using or accessing any element of this website or if you have any feedback, please feel free to contact us so we can work with you to make all reasonable efforts to correct the issue and assist with immediate needs. (See contact information below) For the best browsing experience to access our website, we recommend you use the latest available browser versions as they support the newest technology and virus and security protection.This website occasionally serves information using Adobe Acrobat PDFs. For the best experience, make sure to use the most recent version of Adobe Reader to view this information properly. You can download this application from Adobe.com for free. Joshua NypaverAssistant Director for Marketing and Communications - Digitalwebmaster@jcsu.eduPhone:704.330.1401  100 Beatties Ford RoadCharlotte, NC 28216704.378.1000 © 2022 Johnson C. Smith University