Whoever you are, wherever you’re going on your journey, there’s a place for you at the LGBTQ Pride Center. Mon.-Thurs., 9 a.m.-5 p.m.Fri., 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Leio Ibarra arrived at NC State seeking a place where he could be himself while connecting with others. He found it on the top floor of Talley Student Union, in a bright and bustling space where all are welcome — the LGBTQ Pride Center in the Division of Academic and Student Affairs. “I knew I wanted to be out in college, and I’ve found the LGBTQ Pride Center to be a place of understanding,” said Ibarra. “It’s a place where I don’t feel like I have to pick or choose my identities, or always be code-switching and translating myself for others.” Open to all at NC State, the center is a space to cultivate joy, find community and promote visibility and advocacy for LGBTQ+ students, faculty and staff. Engage with the PrideCenter A junior majoring inscience, technology and society, Ibarra discovered the LGBTQ Pride Center during his first few weeks on campus. At theSymposium for Multicultural Scholars— an event hosted by Multicultural Student Affairs to support first-year and transfer students of color — he met Pride Center Director Charla Blumell, who encouraged him to apply for a role at the center. Learn about LGBTQ+ student organizations and find a group that’s right for you. Ibarra attended the center’sPride Symposiumto find out more. The annual multi-day event gives incoming students the chance tolearn about opportunities with the Pride Centerthat prepare them for success at NC State, includingvolunteering,employmentand participation instudent organizations. Ibarra decided to get involved, joining the center’s team as a student program assistant. The role has shaped his college experience in powerful ways, equipping him to become an advocate for himself and the LGBTQ+ community. “No matter who you are or what you’re going through, people here at the Pride Center are going to welcome you and accept you,” he said. “You can always drop by our space or come to one of our events.” Those visiting the Pride Center insuite 5230 at Talley Student Unionwill find a space buzzing with energy and activity, but with plenty of room for calm and relaxation. On a typical weekday during the academic year, students fill the center’s chairs and floorspace to chat and socialize, while others occupy nooks and corners to read, study and decompress.Everyone is welcome, and there are no preconceived notions about how anyone should show up. We’re all people, just trying to live our best lives, be ourselves and be happy. Our goal here is to help you do that. “The Pride Center is for people who identify as queer, trans, bisexual, gay or lesbian — but it’s also a space for anyone at NC State,” said Richard Dong, a graduate student in theJenkins MBA programand a graduate program coordinator for the Pride Center. “We’re all people, just trying to live our best lives, be ourselves and be happy. Our goal here is to help you do that.” “You’re welcome to explore the space, read one of our books or just chill out,” added Jae Edwards, assistant director for the Pride Center. Beyond NC State’s classrooms and laboratories, you’ll find a campus brimming with excitement and opportunity. Catch the Wolfpackspirit Blumell, Ibarra, Dong, Edwards and other staff members and student volunteers curate a host ofresources to help LGBTQ+ students navigate NC Stateand the Triangle area. These resources include agender-inclusive campus restroom guide, aTransgender Resource Roadmap, networks for building relationships on and off campus, and a range of counseling services. Explore resources to help you be your best self at NC State and in your community. “The Pride Center hosts regular drop-in counseling sessions, and I highly recommend those,” said Ibarra. “College is all about finding yourself, and guidance with your mental health can help you do that.” The center and its partners supportprograms and eventsthroughout the yearto foster visibility and advocacy for NC State’s LGBTQ+ community. These include annual observances ofTransgender Day of Remembrance(Nov. 20) andTransgender Day of Visibility(March 31), as well asLavender Graduation, where LGBTQ+ graduates gather to celebrate and be recognized for their accomplishments. If you’re wanting to engage but are anxious about not having any structure, [Queer Quorum] is a perfect starting point. Queer Quorum, a signature Pride Center event, welcomes people into the center one Wednesday afternoon each month for a lively dialogue led by a student facilitator on a topic picked by students. “Queer Quorum is great because it’s structured and has an agenda,” said Dong. “So if you’re wanting to engage but are anxious about not having any structure, it’s a perfect starting point.” One annual Pride Center event, a clothing drive calledThreads of Identities, enables students to try on and take home clothes that help them feel like themselves. “It’s great to have this kind of event, where everyone’s actually encouraged to find something that fits, and nobody’s judging anyone,” said Ibarra. “I’ve recently been planning for the Pride Center’s Threads of Identities event, and the Women’s Center is also doing their own clothes drive,” said Dong. “We realized we could think about ways to combine planning for these events and advocate for both communities at the same time.” Community-buildingoccurs through organized Pride Center events, but it also happens in the everyday places where people interact. The center’s location in Talley Student Union, in the busy heart of campus, means you never know when visitors from theWomen’s Center,Multicultural Student Affairs, theAfrican American Cultural Centeror elsewhere might pop in for a quick hello. “I think those small, informal interactions are a big part of what strengthens our communities,” said Dong. Charla Blumell and her LGBTQ Pride Center team nurture joy and belonging through a holistic health lens, ensuring wellness is a priority for all in the community space. Learn how wellness shapescommunity October isLGBTQ+ History Month, and it’s the perfect time to get involved at the Pride Center. Each October, the center engages students, faculty and staff through lectures,exhibitsand discussions to build awareness around the history of LGBTQ+ activism and explore how that activism has influenced cultural innovation. Tues., Oct. 8, 2 p.m.-6 p.m. at Stafford Commons, outside Talley Student Union. The month centers on PrideFest, when the Pride Center unites colleges, units and organizations from NC State and the Triangle at Stafford Commons to honor the experiences of LGBTQ+ people and celebrate our collective Wolfpack Pride.PrideFest 2024, on Tuesday, Oct. 8, promises an afternoon filled with food, festivities and belonging. The eventkicks off at 2 p.m. with a paradearound campus, which will follow an ADA-accessible route that includes refresh stations along the way. “Last year, more than 500 students from diverse backgrounds attended PrideFest,” said Dong. “One of the big spotlights is the giant parade that goes around campus. Everyone had a great time as we walked our campus together. Some people didn’t even know it was happening — they just joined on the spot.” “Visibility is big,” said Ibarra. “I’m from a small town, and I never even saw a Pride flag until I was in the double digits as far as age. Having an event like this where people can be themselves and celebrate together — it’s awesome.” Visibility is big . . . Having an event like this where people can be themselves and celebrate together — it’s awesome. Whether you plan to attend PrideFest, join one of the center’s regular events or just check out the space during your down time,the Pride Center’s doors are wide open. All you have to do is take that first step. “The first step is often the hardest,” said Dong. “But I guarantee you, the moment you take it, you’re going to find a place where you feel welcome. And if for some reason you don’t, come talk to us, the staff, and let us know what we can do to improve the experience for you.” Across NC State, there are boundless opportunities to find spaces and places where you can be yourself. Connect withcommunity Raleigh, NC 27695