Give Now Support future Pacer success.  Become a Corporate Partner Find out how your organization can collaborate with Peace. Whether you’re hoping to attend WPU or hosting an event, you’re welcome to visit WPU! Conferences and Events Host your conference, event, or wedding at WPU. Location and Directions Get directions, our address, a campus map, and hotel discount information. High school and transfer counselors: Learn about WPU and all it has to offer so you can guide your students to the best fit for their next step. Admissions Info Meet and connect with our Admissions team. Schedule a Visit Learn about our processes and schedule a visit. Our success as an institution has always been rooted in the strength of our community. As an integral part of that community, we invite alumni to stay informed and connected. Get Involved Stay connected to Peace. Donate Contribute to the success of future Pacers. General Info Read about alumni benefits. Families are an integral part of a student’s path to WPU. Find answers to your questions here. Prospective Families: Why Choose WPU? Learn about the value of an education at WPU. Current Parents and Families Is your student a Pacer? Get connected. Already a Pacer? Here’s your quick path to information, links, and other useful stuff. Current Students Missing something? Can’t find a link? Start here. Current Parents and Families Is your student a Pacer? Here’s where to get information and contacts. Welcome to William Peace University! We offer programs for both traditional undergraduate students and online/hybrid classes through our School of Professional Studies. Find your path to WPU here. First Time in College Your WPU education will help you build practical skills for your future. Transfer Students Transfer up to 90 credit hours from any institution. Working Professionals (Online) Earn your bachelor’s degree with WPU’s accelerated, online courses. Readmission If you previously attended WPU and are ready to return, start here. Veteran/Military Learn more about how to apply the GI bill. International Students Find out how to attend WPU. WPU has a long history as one of the city’s oldest universities. Find out more about our institution in the heart of downtown Raleigh. History Through 160 years, William Peace University has evolved to meet the changing needs of the students we serve. Leadership William Peace University is a small, private institution located in downtown Raleigh, NC. Work at WPU Join our team and see why William Peace University was voted one of the Triangle’s Best Places to Work! Contact Us Contact the University Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Learn about DEI at WPU. Mission, Vision, and Values Learn about WPU core tenets. Whether you want to know more about on-campus events or see our residence halls, get a sense of what life is like as a student at WPU. Clubs, Activities and Events Discover what’s fun at WPU. Housing & Dining When people say that WPU “feels like home,” we think that’s the ultimate compliment. Safety & Security The Office of Public Safety is committed to providing a community-friendly approach to enhancing campus safety for students, faculty and staff. Esports Learn about WPU’s Esports teams. Student Support Services Find out how the WPU team supports the whole you. Health and Wellness Learn about physical and mental health services available to students. WPU offers a mix of more than 30 degree programs and additional minors. Our courses are four credit hours each, and every course features immersive learning experiences. Immersive Learning Find out about WPU’s unique approach to learning. Center for Student Success Peer tutoring, a first-year success program, and an internship program are just part of why Pacers succeed. Start here to find out how to apply, visit, and learn more about WPU. Before you apply: Connect with an Admission Couneslor They’ll be your guide through the process. Visit Campus Get a feel for campus life. Understand Costs Find out about Financial aid and other options to pay for college. Information for: Information for: William Peace University is committed to providing an inclusive and welcoming environment for all members of our community. When we refer to diversity we include ethnicity, race, age gender (identity & expression), ability, and religion, country of origin and veteran’s status. We also define diversity to include people with a range of philosophical and societal perspectives, socio-economic backgrounds and cultural backgrounds. WPU Office of Diversity & Inclusion provides support, advocacy, training & education and community building events and programs for the WPU students, faculty and staff. The office has a programmatic focus on the needs and topics of minority students including students who identify as members of  marginalized groups or identities such as LGBTQIA+, first generation college students, women, international students, African American, Latinx/Hispanic, Asian, Native American, Pacific Islander, etc. We provide opportunities and initiatives for those who seek multicultural awareness, cultural competency, inclusive leadership training, greater capacity for equity and celebration of diversity. We work with students, faculty and staff actively engaging in knowledge acquisition (curricular) enhancement, celebration and empowerment (co-curricular) programs related to our intersecting identities as a campus community. We do this through training, programs, and other special events that strengthen our inclusive campus community and by engaging in intentional, identity-focused empowerment and leadership initiatives. Through these initiatives, we serve as a place for support and affirmation of the diversity in our student body. I know my son will be in good hands. I hope he squeezes out everything William Peace University has to offer him! Sandy Carrington, Pacer Parent The Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion supports students by hosting culturally affirming celebratory events, facilitating educational workshops for students, faculty, and staff, and through our service and advocacy efforts for the WPU and local communities. When we refer to diversity we include ethnicity, race, age gender (identity & expression), ability, and religion, country of origin and veteran’s status. We also define diversity to include people with a range of philosophical and societal perspectives, socio-economic backgrounds and cultural backgrounds. The student body is a microcosm of the diversity in our state. With each student sub-population having differing needs, our role is to advocate for those needs and support all students. Currently, the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion hosts events and creates workshops during the following months: Safe Zone programs are nationally recognized training programs for institutions committed to having inclusive educational environments and more specifically, are committed to supporting LGBTQ+ students. Research in both K-12 and postsecondary education has reported that students who identify as LGBTQ+ often report feeling unsafe, isolated, and even invisible or marginalized. Safe Zone training is hosted at least once a semester by our office and all WPU staff and faculty are encouraged to complete it. Every semester, the Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion creates a book club for all in the WPU community. Students, faculty, staff, and alumni who register for the semester will receive a copy of the selected reading, access to the book club digital meeting space, and other goodies to support reading engagement. The goal of our book club program is to introduce members to multicultural lived experiences through an intersectional lens of ability, gender, race, ethnicity, socioeconomic status, religious beliefs, etc. Book club meets regularly throughout to reflect on the current novel. Examples of previous readings are listed below: We email everyone in the WPU community regularly about book club registration. Registration typically opens up a few months before the first meeting for the semester. Please check your peace email during summer for information regarding Fall book club. The Diversity Educators Engaging Peace (DEEP) Program is a diversity, equity, inclusion, and social justice peer education program for WPU students. Student leaders who serve in the DEEP Program are known as DEEP Leaders. DEEP Leaders are ambassadors for the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. They provide leadership in the planning and execution of the campus-wide programming and workshops oriented toward their fellow students. The University’s Diversity and Inclusion Committee is chaired by the Director of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion and composed of faculty and staff members across campus. The Committee works to strengthen the campus climate for diversity and inclusion and supports and assists the department in campus wide initiatives. Main Building919-508-2319diversity@peace.edu William Peace University is committed to the pursuit of inclusive excellence; our mission for ethical citizenship drives our inclusion efforts. Our work on bias reporting and education will help us actualize our university values for diversity and community. BEST has a guiding philosophy that is based on educating and supporting the campus, allowing any punitive steps (as necessary) to be taken by our current student conduct or human resource process. Incidents when a person determines that they’ve been targeted and/or treated unfairly because of actual or perceived aspects of their identities or characteristics of those identities. Including but not limited to, conduct/behavior, slurs, unequal or discriminatory treatment/service, graffiti, written messages, or images that harass or intimidate individuals or groups based on membership in protected classes and/or other marginalized/minority identities. It should also be noted that a bias incident or act can occur whether the act is intentional or unintentional. “Protected classes or identity categories” with respect to discrimination, harassment and bias include: age, (dis)ability, ethnic origin, faith tradition, gender expression, gender identity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, race and veteran’s status. In North Carolina, a hate crime is defined as any act prohibited by law that is motivated because of the victim’s race, color, religion, nationality, or country of origin. Each act of bias that is reported will be reviewed/judged, and appropriate action steps taken on a case-by-case basis. As such, it should be noted that not all acts of bias are going to require a response from BEST. It should also be noted that not all bias incidents will be found as hate crimes, while all hate crimes are (more severe) acts of bias. The university’s response to bias incident reports may vary depending upon factors such as effect(s) on the campus community, the nature or severity of the report, whether the violator and the reporter have been identified, etc. General procedural steps are outlined below: William Peace University students are encouraged to report bias when/if it occurs. We encourage students to report an act of bias even if they see it/or experience it as a bystander. 15 East Peace StreetRaleigh, NC 27604919.508.2000