The Office of Diversity and Inclusion supports the University’s mission of creating a more diverse learning community. Developmental and proactive in its approach and reactive to the constant challenges to inclusion and equity in our community and our society, ODI organizes its efforts around offering compelling and representative programming, influencing and enhancing equitable policies, and elevating and informing inclusive practices. These efforts promote a safe, growth-minded, and engaged campus community, wherein students, staff, and faculty – within and across multiple identities – can feel supported and valued in their academic, social, and professional endeavors. Ultimately, ODI recognizes that “diversity” is not enough, and “inclusion” is but a step towards the ultimate goal of sustaining “equity” for all members of our community. The LGBTQ+ Center invites students, staff, and faculty to observe and celebrate Queer History Month. We encourage you to participate in the various activities featured on the events calendar. Ourpartnerships across campushelp further the vision for diversity, equity, and inclusion. Professional development opportunities for diversity, equity, and inclusion are available to all Wake Forest students, staff, and faculty. Register and learn more about our collection of signature programming. Inclusive Leadership Development Program R.I.D.E Core Certificate Please join us for our upcoming Foundations of DEI student workshops on October 24th or November 14th.This workshop introduces participants to the terms and foundational concepts of diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), outlines the parameters and expectations for the certificate program, and provides a brief overview of the value DEI brings to the university.Registeration link in bio. Please join us for the upcoming Campus Memorialization Updates: Sharing Conceptual Themes sessions today, Tuesday, October 15th (3:00-5:00 p.m. – Benson 401) or tomorrow via Zoom.During these sessions, the Baskervill design team will share conceptual themes for the Memorial. The memorial will remember and honor the humanity of the enslaved men, women, and children who worked for or were sold to benefit the University. Each presentation will start with an overview of the project, followed by a presentation of the conceptual themes Baskervill is proposing and a facilitated discussion.Please consider attending one of the presentations mentioned above to learn more about the next phase of Campus Memorialization. Both events are open to students, staff, and faculty.See the link in our bio to learn more. Wishing all who celebrate a peaceful and blessed Yom Kippur and g`mar chatima tova.The holiest day on the Jewish calendar, Yom Kippur means "Day of Atonement" and refers to the annual observance of fasting, prayer, and repentance.Absence from work or school is common. The link in our bio shows a complete list of holy days observed by many students, staff, and faculty in our community. Please join us for the upcoming Campus Memorialization Updates: Sharing Conceptual Themes sessions on Thursday, October 10th (9:00-11:00 a.m. – Benson 401) or Tuesday, October 15th (3:00-5:00 p.m. – Benson 401).During these sessions, the Baskervill design team will share conceptual themes for the Memorial. Baskervill’s presentation will include early conceptual ideas, and they will gather feedback from attendees.Please consider attending one of the presentations mentioned above to learn more about the next phase of Campus Memorialization. Both events are open to students, staff, and faculty.See the link in our bio for more additional details. Happy Rosh Hashanah!Rosh Hashanah is the Jewish New Year, which marks the beginning of a 10-day period of prayer, self-examination, and repentance known as the High Holy Days. Many Jews observe it with prayer and reflection in a synagogue.Absence from work or school is common on the first and second days of Rosh Hashanah. The link in our bio provides a complete list of holy days observed by many students, staff, and faculty. Happy Queer History Month! The @lgbtqatwfu invites students, staff, and faculty to observe and celebrate Queer History Month.We encourage you to participate in the various activities featured on the events calendar (see the link in our bio).—October is Queer History Month 🌈 Join us for a month of celebration, education and community-buidling. From watch parties to crocheting pride flags, we have something for everyone! Join us starting tomorrow with our Queer First Year: Hallo-Queen Party, 6-7 PM in the LGBTQ+ Center We’re excited to share the 2023-2024 Office of Diversity and Inclusion Annual Report!Dive in to see our progress, initiatives, and commitment to fostering a diverse and inclusive community. Together, we’re making strides toward a brighter future!#DiversityInclusion #RoadToExcellenceLink in bio. The Office of Diversity and Inclusion is excited to offer more workshops in the Realizing Inclusion, Equity, and Diversity Core Certificate Series.To receive the certificate, participants must complete six core workshops. After completing Workshop 1: Foundations of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, workshops can be taken in any order. Any remaining workshops not offered this fall will be offered in the spring.See the link in our bio to register. The Office of Diversity and Inclusion develops, articulates, and operationalizes an institutional approach that fosters a diverse and inclusive community. Find us on the campus map  (336) 758-3824diversity@wfu.edu 2130 Eure DriveReynolda Hall, Suite 302Winston-Salem, NC 27109 A Private Liberal Arts University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina/  Founded 1834  /Pro Humanitate Is information on this page out of date or incorrect?Let us know.Back to Top A gift to the Wake Forest Fund supports student needs immediately. Where the most loyal Wake Forest supporters belong. 1834 Wake Forest Road, Winston-Salem, NC 27109 ® 2024 Wake Forest University