Heidelberg University strives to create educational opportunities for students, faculty, and staff to cultivate a more inclusive environment that nurtures the intellectual, personal, and professional development of underrepresented groups on Heidelberg’s campus, including those historically oppressed and marginalized students because of race, socioeconomic status, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, ethnicity, sexual identity, creed, culture, religion, and disability. We want all members of our community to feel a sense of belonging and participate actively in their curricular and co-curricular learning, including campus and community organizations, leadership opportunities, and intercultural experiences. The Office of Diversity, Inclusion, & Belonging seeks to educate and empower the campus community to create a more just world that values knowledge, intersectional inclusion and equity. By partnering with offices and student groups across campus, this office gives students the opportunity to immerse themselves in different cultures to learn more about identity and the resources available to enhance their holistic development. The DEIC encourages Heidelberg University to become more welcoming and more vibrant for all persons, preparing all community members for global citizenship, by deepening their appreciation for diversity and by promoting multicultural awareness through intentional educational, cultural and policy changes. The Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Committee at Heidelberg University fosters educational opportunities for students, faculty, and staff to cultivate a more inclusive environment that nurtures the intellectual, personal, and professional development of each member of Heidelberg’s campus, with particular attention to those with historically oppressed and marginalized identities, with the goal of cultivating a more inclusive learning and working environment where everyone feels safe, valued, respected, responsible, and as though they belong and can contribute. Heidelberg strives to provide students with disabilities or accessibility needs the services and support needed to achieve equal access during their time on campus. The Accessibility Services Office helps students address their needs and serves as a campus resource in understanding disability, accessibility and inclusivity. Heidelberg recognizes that some student may choose to identify themselves within the university community with name that differs from their legal name. Through our Institutionally Recognized Name policy, you can use a preferred name whenever possible, including your email, student ID, class rosters, and student portal. This four-year renewable scholarship recognizes the academic potential and commitment to community involvement of students from underrepresented populations. Once awarded, the scholarship remains with a student for the duration of their time at Heidelberg. Talmage Residence Hall provides a gender-neutral living space for students to find a sense of belonging outside of standard gender-based residence halls. Resident students with similar intersectionalities agree to share a bedroom, common space, and restroom facilities, regardless of their gender, sex, or sexual orientation. The Ubuntu Black Cultural House serves as a meeting and social space for African American students who are passionate about providing social and educational programming, with a focus on the Black identity to the campus community. Ubuntu means, “I am; because of you.” Black Student Union provides an opportunity for African American students and allies to establish a support network on campus. The organization provides social, cultural and educational programs which are open to the campus community. Follow BSU on Instagram at:@berg_bsu Berg Latinx Unidos strives to create a space for Latinx and other supporting students to talk about issues that are unique to the Latinx community, to promote a presence of this culture on campus through educational events and trips and to make connections with one another and alumni for support. Follow BLU on Instagram at:@berglatinxunidos Berg Allies is dedicated to promoting equal rights to all people, regardless of gender, race, sexuality, disability, or age. This group supports and works to create a safe campus environment for all students while focusing on LGBTQ+ rights and activism. Berg Allies is truly about promoting basic human rights to everyone. Follow Berg Allies on Instagram at:@bergallieshu The purpose of the Berg Body Positivity Association is to create a supportive and uplifting environment on campus for people of all body types, particularly those people who have been outcasted, bullied, or rejected because of their body type, skin tone, disability, etc. Follow BBPA on Instagram at:@bergbodypos Blending global cultures in one mixing pot! World Student Union promotes diversity and global understanding through activities that integrate international students into the academic and social life of Heidelberg and the broader Tiffin community. Follow WSU on Instagram at @bergwsu In addition to Heidelberg's Women's and Gender Studies minor, you're able to explore different areas of diversity through classes such as: •  Multicultural Literature•  Gender Theory•  Video Games, Representation, and Identity•  Human Sexuality•  Psychology of Women and Gender Development•  Multicultural Psychology•  Race, Gender and Sexuality in Theatre and Film 310 East Market StreetTiffin, Ohio 448831-800-434-3352admission[at]heidelberg.edu FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTubeLinkedIn © 2024 Heidelberg UniversityAll Rights Reserved Give Now