We value your privacy We use technical, analytical and marketing cookies to help you with things like logging in and picking up your search where you left off. When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, your device or used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually identify you directly, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, you should know that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. These cookies are critical for the site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. These cookies also track anonymous data which is used to help us better understand how our users interact with our site to provide a better user experience. Content Management System These are cookies needed by our content management to function correctly. cookieacceptlevel This cookie holds the site visitor's preferences in regards to which tracking and performance cookies should be enabled during their visit on the site. Google Tag Manager  _ga Used to distinguish analytics users. _gid Used to distinguish users.  By default, our code tells Analytics to anonymize IP in order for Google to not store information that could be considered to be tracking.
Only if tracking cookies are enabled, we will no longer anonymize IP when dealing with Google Analytics. _dc_gtm_UA-625230-22 Cookie that holds the Google Analytics ID, injected via Google Tag Manager. _gat_UA-177109553-1 Cookie that holds the Google Analytics ID, injected via Google Tag Manager. New Relic Our hosting provider monitors the site's health and performance using New Relic. Our site's visitors will see cookies set up by a website called nr-data.net. 
Instructions on how to turn those cookies off can be found here: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/page-load-timing-resources/new-relic-cookies-used-browser Gecko Chat  These cookies are set through our site by our marketing partners. They allow us to tie your support calls and form responses back to your visit to ensure the website offered you the best possible experience in getting the information you needed. Hotjar  _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress This cookie is used to detect the first pageview session of a user. This is a True/False flag set by the cookie. _hjIncludedInPageviewSample This cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the data sampling defined by your site's pageview limit. _hjid Hotjar cookie that is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID. Adobe Analytics  _schn Adobe analytics performance cookie. It does not hold any personal information as it's value is always empty. Dialogtech  _st Dialogtech cookie to hold the visitor ID. The information is stored anonymously inside Dialogtech's infrastructure. _st_bid This cookie is used to display dynamic phone numbers online based on the traffic source of the visitor for analytics. These cookies are set through our site by our analytic and marketing partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests so we can provide the best possible user experience for you through our website and marketing campaigns. They work by uniquely identifying your browser, operating system, IP and location. Google Tag Manager By default, our tag manager code is set up to track page views using the Google's IP Anonymization feature turned on. Also, all the cookies that are set up from Google by default, are set up to expire after the browsing session ends. Turning on this cookie type, will tell Google that the full IP can be used to track your behavior on our website. _tgmanonymous If set to 1, will tell google that it can track the full IP and it will set up it's cookies to expire in 365 days, not 0 days as set up by default. _gcl_au Conversion linker cookie which persists Google Ads information in a first party cookie when the user lands on the site from an ad. Snapchat  _scid Cookie holds a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. Facebook  _fbp When the Facebook pixel is installed on a website, and the pixel uses first-party cookies, the pixel automatically saves a unique identifier to an _fbp cookie for the website domain if one does not already exist. _fbc When a user clicks on an ad on Facebook, the link sometimes includes a fbclid query parameter. When the user lands on the target website, if the website has a Facebook pixel that uses first-party cookies, the pixel automatically saves the fbclid query parameter to an _fbc cookie for that website domain. Linkedin The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that you can add to your website to enable in-depth campaign reporting and unlock valuable insights about your website visitors. When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, your device or used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually identify you directly, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, you should know that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. These cookies are critical for the site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. These cookies also track anonymous data which is used to help us better understand how our users interact with our site to provide a better user experience. Content Management System These are cookies needed by our content management to function correctly. cookieacceptlevel This cookie holds the site visitor's preferences in regards to which tracking and performance cookies should be enabled during their visit on the site. Google Tag Manager  _ga Used to distinguish analytics users. _gid Used to distinguish users.  By default, our code tells Analytics to anonymize IP in order for Google to not store information that could be considered to be tracking.
Only if tracking cookies are enabled, we will no longer anonymize IP when dealing with Google Analytics. _dc_gtm_UA-625230-22 Cookie that holds the Google Analytics ID, injected via Google Tag Manager. _gat_UA-177109553-1 Cookie that holds the Google Analytics ID, injected via Google Tag Manager. New Relic Our hosting provider monitors the site's health and performance using New Relic. Our site's visitors will see cookies set up by a website called nr-data.net. 
Instructions on how to turn those cookies off can be found here: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/page-load-timing-resources/new-relic-cookies-used-browser Gecko Chat  These cookies are set through our site by our marketing partners. They allow us to tie your support calls and form responses back to your visit to ensure the website offered you the best possible experience in getting the information you needed. Hotjar  _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress This cookie is used to detect the first pageview session of a user. This is a True/False flag set by the cookie. _hjIncludedInPageviewSample This cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the data sampling defined by your site's pageview limit. _hjid Hotjar cookie that is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID. Adobe Analytics  _schn Adobe analytics performance cookie. It does not hold any personal information as it's value is always empty. Dialogtech  _st Dialogtech cookie to hold the visitor ID. The information is stored anonymously inside Dialogtech's infrastructure. _st_bid This cookie is used to display dynamic phone numbers online based on the traffic source of the visitor for analytics. These cookies are set through our site by our analytic and marketing partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests so we can provide the best possible user experience for you through our website and marketing campaigns. They work by uniquely identifying your browser, operating system, IP and location. Google Tag Manager By default, our tag manager code is set up to track page views using the Google's IP Anonymization feature turned on. Also, all the cookies that are set up from Google by default, are set up to expire after the browsing session ends. Turning on this cookie type, will tell Google that the full IP can be used to track your behavior on our website. _tgmanonymous If set to 1, will tell google that it can track the full IP and it will set up it's cookies to expire in 365 days, not 0 days as set up by default. _gcl_au Conversion linker cookie which persists Google Ads information in a first party cookie when the user lands on the site from an ad. Snapchat  _scid Cookie holds a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. Facebook  _fbp When the Facebook pixel is installed on a website, and the pixel uses first-party cookies, the pixel automatically saves a unique identifier to an _fbp cookie for the website domain if one does not already exist. _fbc When a user clicks on an ad on Facebook, the link sometimes includes a fbclid query parameter. When the user lands on the target website, if the website has a Facebook pixel that uses first-party cookies, the pixel automatically saves the fbclid query parameter to an _fbc cookie for that website domain. Linkedin The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that you can add to your website to enable in-depth campaign reporting and unlock valuable insights about your website visitors. Search XClose Frequently Searched Search XClose Search People and Places Frequently Searched Student Life Vision: The Center nurtures a sense of belonging for students from diverse backgrounds and encourages them to participate actively in their curricular and co-curricular learning, including campus and community organizations, leadership opportunities, and intercultural experiences. In collaboration with other University departments, the Center coordinates programs and services that foster an inclusive campus environment, promote a welcoming and just University community, and encourage and value the contributions and perspectives of all students. Goals: Ayse Selen Zarrelli, MBA, has been with CSDI since 2018. She is a first-generation immigrant from Türkiye. Previously, she worked in staffing and hospitality, holding roles as a Staffing Specialist and Manager. Selen earned her MBA from JCU's Boler College of Business, a BBA in International Relations from Ege University (Turkey), and studied Political Science at Universiteit van Gent (Belgium). She serves as a board member at MotivAsians, volunteers with ISupportTheGirls, and mentors immigrants and refugee youth. Fun Fact: She enjoys the outdoors with a photo camera, a quick weekend trip with her family, and learning a new language. Contact Selen at azarrelli@jcu.edu or 216-397-1505. Set up a time to meet with Selen athttps://calendly.com/azarrelli  Angela Aviquivil (she/her/hers) earned her B.S. in Psychology from John Carroll University in 2019. She is continuing her education at JCU in the Clinical Mental Health Counseling Program. During her undergrad, she served as a resident assistant, an orientation leader, and an intern for the Immersion Program. She is excited to continue her education at the school that made her who she is today. She is from Parma, Ohio, and in her free time, she loves listening to podcasts, reading, watching documentaries, and exploring! Fun Fact: she was right-handed until first grade. Contact Angela at aaviquivil19@jcu.edu or 216-397-3051. Set up a time to meet with Angela athttps://calendly.com/aaviquivil  Anna Brock (she/her/hers) joined the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion in March of 2024. Anna's role within CSDI is to create programs that celebrate culture and foster identity-based belonging. Some of the signature events under her role include National Coming Out Day, Civic Engagement, Trans Day of Remembrance, CSDI's End of Year Recognition Programs, and any other collaborations with cultural student organizations. Fun fact: she has two adorable pitbulls and she will talk to anyone about their pets! Contact Anna at abrock@jcu.edu or 216-397-1583. Set up a time to meet with Anna athttps://calendly.com/abrock-ib3e  GRADUATE ASSISTANTS First Gen Program GA Mallaak Wahdan,mwahdan24@jcu.edu  MELT Peer Mentoring Program Khanh Huynh,bhuynh27@jcu.edu Upperclass Students Internship ProgramThis program focuses on students getting hands-on experience in full-time internships during the semester. The positions are paid; please review the available positions on our Instagram and handshake page. If you would like inquire on further positions please contact csdi@jcu.edu  The Wayfinders Program This is a micro-internship program that supports our students' getting hands-on experiences in fields they are in or interested in. It aims to improve students' professional readiness to seek internships, employment, and graduate education. We work with for-profit and non-profit organizations to provide these experiences. 
Wayfinders Program CSDI's page can be accessed here:https://jcu.edu/wayfinders-program. To view the available micro-internships, create an account on Parker Dewey here:https://info.parkerdewey.com/jcucsdi  We understand that there can be challenges unique to first-generation students as the school year progresses. CSDI office offers programs to recognize, celebrate, and support first-generation students. clickHEREfor more information CSDI provides campus-wide educational events and opportunities that further all students’ development of cultural competence and respect for diversity and social justice. Specifically, we develop, implement, and evaluate programs and services that support historically underrepresented students in their personal development and transition throughout their John Carroll University experiences. To learn more about the programs that CSDI has to offer, please clickhere!  CSDI advises 17 cultural student organizations including: To learn more about each organization, please clickhere! CSDI identifies and recommends opportunities that remove barriers to inclusion and promote student success. A few of the services and resources provided by CSDI include: To learn more about each of these services, please clickhere! The CSDI office is located in Suite 202 in the D.J. Lombardo Student Center, above the University Bookstore. CSDI has three additional spaces. CSDI Loungein Room 48 in the D.J. Lombardo Student Center, across from the Jardine Room. CSDI Lounge is available to reserve on Coursedog for student events and meetings. Black Cultural Centerin Room 40 in the D.J. Lombardo Student Center, down the hallway of Campus Ministry. Black Cultural Center is a resource for our students of African descent, Black-identified students, and their allies. Black Students in Action (BSA) Cultural Student Organization hosts meetings, events, community gatherings,art exhibits, as well as cultural programming in the space for the whole JCU community. Students use the space as a study hall and a lounge between events. To access the space, join the Black Students in Action (BSA) roster during the involvement fair! Interfaith Prayer and Meditation Spacein Room 36 in the D.J. Lombardo Student Center, down the hallway of Campus Ministry.  The room serves and supports all students and the holistic wellness of the university community. This space allows individuals of all religious faiths and non-religious beliefs to experience a place for peace, prayer, meditation, and quiet reflection throughout the day.  © 1886-2022 John Carroll University