We commit to engaging a wide range of viewpoints, developing compassionate thinkers who value and embrace diverse cultures and identities. We believe equitable access to opportunity is essential to fostering a community in which every person has a sense of full belonging and the tools to reach their full potential. Here are some of the ways Kenyon is working to be a more diverse and inclusive community. Kenyon faculty are dedicated to inclusive teaching practices and have won grants to support these efforts. The HHMI initiative focuses on helping schools break down institutional barriers to inclusion of students underrepresented in science education, such as first-generation students and students from racial and ethnic minorities. The Clare Boothe Luce Research Scholars program encourages women to enter, study, graduate and teach in the fields of science, mathematics and engineering. Supported by a grant of nearly $1 million from the National Science Foundation, theSTEM Scholars Programseeks to promote inclusiveness and diversity in the sciences through advising, mentoring, service learning, internships and research opportunities. Kenyon faculty and administrators meet to share ideas and knowledge relevant to African and African Diaspora Studies as a means of enhancing expertise as teachers, researchers and administrators. Kenyon is an equal opportunity employer. We believe underrepresented scholars enrich the intellectual environment at Kenyon. A fellowship program that supports young, underrepresented scholars in the final stages of their doctoral work by inviting them to teach and live at Kenyon for a year. We have developed an ensemble of programs focused not on recruitment alone — but on the retention and long-term success of underrepresented students. A three-week summer program on the Kenyon campus that attracts rising high school juniors and seniors from all over the country for an intensive, realistic “boot camp” in college academics and the college experience. This partnership provides opportunities for high school students across Ohio to tackle college-level work by taking Kenyon courses and earning Kenyon credit in their high schools. The partnership pairs high school teachers with Kenyon professors. The KEEP Scholars program catapults Kenyon students into their college careers. Each KEEP cohort starts with a six-week summer program before first-year orientation, then continues to benefit during their four years at Kenyon from faculty advising, peer mentoring, career advising and other support services. From peer mentoring, to clubs and affinity groups, to a special stipend fund enabling needy students to pursue unpaid summer internships, Kenyon provides a support network and extended family for students from underrepresented groups. The College’s Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion becomes a home away from home for these students. Kenyon is embarking on plan of action to foster a more diverse and inclusive community and engage in a thorough, open and candid self-examination of our structures, culture and leadership. On July 31, 2020, President Sean Decatur provided an update on Kenyon's anti-racism action plan. On Sept. 24, 2020, Associate Provost Ted Mason issued an open call for participation on the anti-racism initiatives advisory committee. Associate Provost for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Ted Mason reports on opportunities for self-examination, discourse and development that members of the Kenyon community have engaged in so far this academic year. Celebrating 200 Years of Kenyon ©Copyright 2024