The plurality of experience and experiences connects us. We believe that a diverse and inclusive learning environment—one that values intellectual rigor and civil discourse— succeeds by producing leaders who practice and promote these same values beyond their time at Kenyon. We also believe: Each and every one of us must feel welcome, respected and included.We realize that a culture of respect and inclusion doesn't happen spontaneously. It's up to all of us to intentionally build and sustain a welcoming community. A liberal education thrives when it includes a wide range of perspectives.When students and faculty from a spectrum of cultures, faiths and backgrounds come together, the learning experience is more informed and inclusive. An academically talented student body is a diverse one.As the diversity of Kenyon’s student body continues to expand, the academic credentials of entering students also have increased, as have retention and graduation rates. The Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (ODEI) supports the academic achievement and personal development of underrepresented students, faculty and staff at Kenyon. The office manages a number of campus spaces, including Allen House, the Crozier Center for Women, the Snowden Multicultural Center, and Unity House. Additionally, the office coordinates a number of campus and community-based resources to support diversity, equity, and inclusion across campus and beyond. The Kenyon Educational Enrichment Program, or KEEP, opens doors for underrepresented students, including the following: students of color, LGBTQ+ students, first-generation and/or lower-income students, students with disabilities, and others. KEEP is one of an ensemble of Kenyon programs devoted to strengthening connections across cultures, faiths and personal histories. Recognized as one of the top academic institutions for LGBTQ+ students in the country, Kenyon is home to a vibrant LGBTQ+ community. The College offers a robust set of programs and resources to support LGBTQ+ students, faculty and staff. Kenyon’s student body identifies as African American, Native American, Latina/o, Multiracial, Asian American/Pacific Islander, and White. Kenyon professors lead a wide range of diversity-related studies, from African Diaspora to Political Science to Gender Studies. Kenyon is one of only 38 college campuses in the country to receive top marks in the Campus Pride Index. Celebrating 200 Years of Kenyon ©Copyright 2024