OHIO Today Helpful Links Navigate OHIO Connect With Us  OHIO is one of 113 colleges and universities across the country to receive this national award that recognizes an institution’s outstanding commitment to, and continued advancement of, the core values of diversity, equity and inclusion. October 3, 2024 Share: For the seventh year in a row, Ohio University has been awarded the Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award byINSIGHT Into Diversitymagazine, the oldest and largest diversity-focused publication in higher education. OHIO is one of 113 colleges and universities across the country to receive this national award that recognizes an institution’s outstanding commitment to, and continued advancement of, the core values of diversity, equity and inclusion. As part of this year’s recognition, OHIO will be featured in the November/December 2024 issue ofINSIGHT Into Diversitymagazine. “We are honored to receive the HEED award for the seventh straight year,” said Dr. Russell Morrow, interim vice president for the Division of Diversity and Inclusion at Ohio University. “This recognition is a testament to the work happening across our campus community to ensure that diversity is valued, appreciated and celebrated.” This recognition is a testament to the work happening across our campus community to ensure that diversity is valued, appreciated and celebrated. The HEED Award continues to recognize Ohio University for its ongoing efforts to enhance diversity and inclusion on campus, including the University’s"Make Respect Visible" initiative, an ongoing collaborative effort across the University community that, through emphasizing a culture of respect and encouraging the reduction of bias through respectful dialogue, has become a vital part of OHIO culture. Additionally, OHIO recently announced threeinclusive excellence initiativesfor the upcoming academic year, all of which are aligned with one clear, overarching goal: to be a university where all belong.The three initiatives, which also align with theUniversity’s missionas well as theDynamic Strategy, are the product of extensive conversations with students, faculty, staff and alumni over the last year. OHIO’s Division of Diversity and Inclusion also partners across campus to offer numerousheritage and history programmingopportunities, including an ongoing celebration of the200th anniversaryof John Newton Templeton's enrollment and graduation from Ohio University. INSIGHT Into Diversity continues to be the leader in advancing practices in diversity, equity, and inclusion in higher education, with the HEED award remaining the only national honor to recognize institutions of higher education for their commitments to these values. “The HEED Award process consists of a comprehensive and rigorous application that includes questions relating to the recruitment and retention of students and employees — and best practices for both — leadership support for diversity, campus culture and climate, supplier diversity, and many other aspects of campus diversity and inclusion,” said Lenore Pearlstein, publisher of Insight Into Diversity magazine. “We take a detailed approach to reviewing each application in deciding who will be named a HEED Award recipient. Our standards are high, and we look for institutions where diversity and inclusion are woven into the work being done every day across their campus.” OHIO strives to provide a safe and supportive environment that offers initiatives, support and programming for different constituencies, including students, staff and faculty, that enable them to feel empowered by personal experiences and professional mentorship opportunities. Some of these programs include theDiverse Faculty Mentoring Program,OHIO Men of Excellence Network (O-MEN), theInclusive Excellence Workshop and Lecture Series,The Diversity Leadership Ambassador Program, and theMargaret Boyd Scholars Program. Additional information about OHIO’s ongoing commitment to diversity and inclusion isavailable online. Share: © 2024Ohio University. All rights reserved.