X Close Campus Life When you're involved in student life at Shawnee State, you find friends, foster leadership skills, spread campus pride, and empower your fellow students to succeed. What you do at Shawnee will leave a lasting impact for years to come. Meet every challenge with compassion and a solution to create change. Be the class that helps to put an end to student hunger and food insecurity. The impact that you make outside of the classroom sets you apart and puts you on a path to lead, innovate and make a difference in your community - and far beyond. Bonus: student life is a great way to make new friends and form relationships with other students who share your interests. At Shawnee State, student organizations are a space where you can join students with similar interests and work towards a common goal. Students can join an organization or bring their own dream to life by founding one of their own. Student life is an opportunity to put yourself out there and experience new things - outside of the classroom. Make lifelong connections with students and staff who share your passion for leadership and change. Whether you live on campus or commute from home, you'll find that life on campus is full of activities. We have something for everyone Joining an organization is a chance to get outside of the classroom and showcase your professional and interpersonal skills. You will make connections with students and staff members that will benefit all of you for years to come, including after you leave Shawnee. Campus life includes 21 varsity sports teams. Check out Athletics Join one of our fraternities or sororities to add to your academic and social life. Learn more. With over 60 student clubs and organizations, you'll find the one for you. Check out the list of clubs. Learn how to become anOrientation LeaderorResident Assistant Apply to be a Campus Leader 940 Second Street Portsmouth Ohio 45662 Main:(740) 351-3205 Admission:(740) 351-4778 Our Mission We Prepare Today’s Students to Succeed in Tomorrow’s World. I Am a... RequestInfo Schedule aVisit Apply