Lewis & Clark is a learning community committed to diversity and inclusion. The Office of Equity and Inclusion works to educate and engage our community in diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts. Our goal is to foster a campus where all feel supported, challenged to venture from their comfort zone, and like they belong as they grow and learn. The Inclusion and Multicultural Engagement (IME) office does a lot of work to support students of color, first-generation college students, and LGBTQ+ students. Going to IME events introduced me to a lot of friends who I hold dear today. I also find a lot of support in Queer Student Union (QSU)’s QTPOC Group, a group that a friend and I started where queer and trans students of color can gather regularly and just talk about our experiences. The Afrikan Diaspora Club provides a learning experience through the engagement of different African cultures. The Great Expectations Mentorship (GEM) program helped establish a support system for myself during my first year. At Lewis & Clark, we ensure that our community members feel supported and heard in all aspects of their educational journey. We have on-campus and off-campus resources for our students, staff, and faculty to make certain that you feel comfortable and guided, no matter what you encounter. These antiracism resources are here for you to engage with by yourself or with others: read, discuss, grow, and evolve. This running list is not exhaustive nor encompasses all the issues facing our community and the world, but it is meant to be a starting point. When we know better, we do better. Antiracism Resources While we cannot give legal advice, our office is happy to assist in connecting our community members with local and national resources for immigrants. Immigrant Resources Our staff and faculty work with students to ensure an environment of care and trust for our robust LGBTQIA+ community. From facilitating topical discussions to providing support in times of crisis, our office continuously works to support every individual at L&C. Queer Student Union (QSU)Spiritual Que(e)ryChange Your Name With the College More Queer Resources Our faculty are essential in creating an inclusive, safe space for our students and community members. The Office of Equity and Inclusion provides this collection of internal and external resources for our faculty to guide inclusive practices in the classroom. Teaching with Excellence Program (TEP) More Faculty Resources Looking to get involved in a career path around equity and inclusion? Check out the opportunities available! Internships and Career Resources Women on college campuses face a unique set of obstacles and often lack proper support, despite making up a majority of the college-going population nationwide. Our office seeks to provide a comprehensive list of on and off-campus resources for female-identifying students. Feminist Student Union More Women’s Resources Title IXprohibits colleges such as Lewis & Clark from discriminating on the basis of sex in its educational and cocurricular programs.Lewis & Clark’s Title IX Coordinatorhas the responsibility for overseeing all Title IX compliance, including complaints of sexual misconduct. Report a Bias Incident We are the only liberal arts school in Oregon on Colleges of Distinction’s“Best Equity and Inclusion” listfor 2023–24. There are lots of ways to get involved in diversity, equity, and inclusion work at Lewis & Clark. The Office of Equity and Inclusion frequently supports many programs on campus, including events from the Office of Spiritual Life, Inclusion and Multicultural Engagement, the Office of Student Accessibility, the Center for Social Change and Community Involvement, and many student groups for students and community members. For staff and faculty members, Employee Resource Groups are available, formed around common identities, interests, or backgrounds, to give people who share those identities a space to network, support each other, and build community. Social Change and Community InvolvementStudent OrganizationsOffice of Student AccessibilityInclusion and Multicultural Engagement  Come learn about important state and local ballot measures in Oregon as well as a breakdown of the new city government structure. Everything you need understand your ballot presented by the League of Women Voters. Join the Office of Equity and Inclusion, in partnership with the Watzek Library and Boley Law Library, for our October Lunch and Learn! Do you want to be an Ally to causes for racial & indigenous justice, both locally and globally but you don’t know where to start? Maybe you are a seasoned activist and you are looking to grow your network and better support your community? Either way, this session is for you! Learn how to better show up for your friends, colleagues and practice solidarity. We all need a space to “Let out” a sigh of relief, frustration, or despair and “Let out” the thoughts we’ve been holding in all day. The Let Out is a space which centers on the BIPOC experience at college and how mental health plays a part in this experience. All are welcome to participate in this space through listening and supporting each other. It is facilitated by one of our on-campus mental health counselors. The counselor is there to guide discussions and answer questions about mental health challenges while offering ways to cope while at college. So, if you’re needing a space to decompress, learn new skills, or talk it out, this is the perfect space to do so. We meet every 1stand 3rdWednesday from 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm, in Lower Odell, Rm 008 The Let Out is a space which centers on the BIPOC experience at college and how mental health plays a part in this experience. All are welcome to participate in this space through listening and supporting each other. It is facilitated by one of our on-campus mental health counselors. The counselor is there to guide discussions and answer questions about mental health challenges while offering ways to cope while at college. So, if you’re needing a space to decompress, learn new skills, or talk it out, this is the perfect space to do so. We meet every 1stand 3rdWednesday from 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm, in Lower Odell, Rm 008 The Let Out is a space which centers on the BIPOC experience at college and how mental health plays a part in this experience. All are welcome to participate in this space through listening and supporting each other. It is facilitated by one of our on-campus mental health counselors. The counselor is there to guide discussions and answer questions about mental health challenges while offering ways to cope while at college. So, if you’re needing a space to decompress, learn new skills, or talk it out, this is the perfect space to do so. We meet every 1stand 3rdWednesday from 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm, in Lower Odell, Rm 008 Equity and Inclusion is located in room 116-117 ofMcAfeeon the undergraduate Campus.MSC:145  voice503-768-7186 email:diversityinclusion@lclark.edu email:diversityinclusion@lclark.edu Equity and InclusionLewis & Clark615 S. Palatine Hill RoadPortlandOR97219