Reed’s formaldiversity statement, drafted by students in 2008, asserts the college’s commitment to the full participation in serious and open intellectual inquiry of students, faculty, and staff, regardless of ethnicity, race, religion, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, nationality, socioeconomic status, or disabilities. At Reed, we believe student success is linked to community support. A range of programming provides students, faculty, and staff with opportunities to engage in meaningful conversations and activities meant to inspire the further development of a fully inclusive learning community. Two offices on campus are dedicated to ensuring the full and equal participation of all members of the Reed community. Located in the president’s office, theOffice for Institutional Diversityworks closely with the dean of the faculty, Reed’s chief academic officer, to ensure all aspects of college life reflect the fundamental principles of intellectual pluralism espoused in the college’s founding documents. In addition, this office oversees the implementation of systems that support, encourage, and promote a diverse and inclusive learning, teaching, and working environment. Finally, this offices seeks to develop relationships in the broader Portland community that support Reed’s commitment to diversity. TheMulticultural Resource Center (MRC)works directly with students to promote identity exploration and enhance the leadership skills of historically underrepresented and marginalized students. The MRC coordinates campus-wide cultural events and programs that celebrate the diversity of community and educates the campus community on issues of identity, diversity, inclusion, and social justice. In addition, the MRC coordinates the Peer Mentor Program, which complements and enriches the academic and social experience at Reed. Students may also choose to work with Reed's community engagement program,SEEDS (Students for Education, Equity, and Direct Service), to find community service opportunities in Portland. SEEDS provides students with on-going opportunities for community engagement. Federal Work Study-eligible students are able to earn their federal work study wages through community engagement, and all students are able to earn credits required for graduation by participating in community engagement. 3203 Southeast Woodstock BoulevardPortland, Oregon 97202-8199503-771-1112 Â© Reed College Reed College prohibits unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or familial status, military status, veteran status, genetic information, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local laws that apply to the college, in any area, activity or operation of the college, including in its employment policies, educational policies, admission policies, scholarship and loan programs, housing policies, athletic programs, and other school-administered programs.