The following menu has 2 levels.Use left and right arrow keys to navigate between menus.Use up and down arrow keys to explore within a submenu.Use enter to activate.Within a submenu,use escape to move to top level menu parent.From top level menus,use escape to exit the menu. Bucknell is committed to cultivating a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment where every member of our campus community can thrive. It's about academic excellence. Diversity improves intellectual engagement, self-motivation, citizenship and cultural engagement, plus skills such as critical thinking, problem-solving and writing — for all students. Communicating and collaborating with people from different backgrounds with different perspectives is an essential skill that sets students up for success in our diverse, globally integrated world. It's also about well-being. Bucknell fosters an environment that respects and embraces different backgrounds, experiences and identities. Across all levels of the University, we work to remove barriers and promote a supportive culture and welcoming space that eliminates disparities and inequalities so all individuals can feel that they belong and are valued. Connect with your community and make a difference locally and around the globe through Bucknell's Center for Community Engaged Leadership, Learning & Research. Make a difference Bucknell has hundreds of clubs that help students connect with their peers and that make campus feel more like home. Organizations such as the Black Student Union, African Student Association, Asian Pacific Islander Desi American, Bison Athletes of Color, Gender & Sexuality Alliance, and Global Student Council celebrate diverse backgrounds and identities. Find a club that fits you Explore civil rights history where it happened by visiting historic sites, museums, colleges and archives, interacting with key historical players of the movement, and receiving special behind-the-scenes tours. Students will partner with various community-based, national and/or civic organizations, serving a variety of local constituents. Learn about Multicultural Student Services programming Join our community of first-generation students, faculty and staff. GenFirst! This yearlong mentoring program supports first-year and transfer students. T.E.A.M. (RAMP Up!) A special Pre-Orientation program for first-year engineers. Backstage Bucknell New Program Bucknell University is launching Dignity & Dialogue Circles for the 2024-2025 academic year to encourage meaningful conversations and foster a more inclusive and empathetic campus environment. The initiative aims to create a space where dignity, collaboration and empathy can thrive. The Center for Access & Success provides a cohesive system of support for students enrolled in Bucknell's five pathway scholarship programs. Accessible throughout all four years, this support includes personal, relationship-based mentoring designed to champion and advise students as they chart their unique educational paths. Academic Centers The Griot Institute employs the figure of the African griot, or storyteller, as a metaphor for interdisciplinary exploration of the arts, works of literature and cultures of African America, Africa and the African diaspora. The Center for the Study of Race, Ethnicity & Gender supports faculty development, scholarship, interdisciplinary exchange and collaboration on issues of race, ethnicity and gender as well as intersections with other aspects of difference. Faculty involvement and events support and enhance student learning. The China Institute promotes teaching and research about China, Chinese language and China-related topics on campus. The institute fosters conversations that transcend cultures, ethnicities and academic disciplines by organizing conferences and symposia, guest speakers, faculty and student panels, book clubs, film screenings, performing arts and cultural events. Institutional Initiatives All across the University, division- and college-level diversity, equity and inclusion councils meet regularly to discuss opportunities for improvement and growth within their areas. This advisory and leadership team is made up of representatives from nine administrative departments who are responsible for developing, overseeing and monitoring University-wide efforts to achieve Bucknell's commitment to diversity. An interdisciplinary team of faculty members from all three colleges work closely with the provost's office to enhance diversity strategies across campus. Want to learn more about Bucknell? ©2024 Bucknell University. All rights reserved. One Dent DriveLewisburg,PA17837United States