Cedar Crest College’s commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion embraces the intention to create a community of belonging where every person’s identity is valued, and respected. As a member of the National Association of Diversity Officers in Higher Education (NADOHE) the center provides educational development and resources that are key for our community to persist in an ever-changing world. Therefore, as we value learning in a diverse environment, we are committed to ensure that our Cedar Crest College community will open the door to new ideas and perspectives. This effort is guided by the college’s strategic initiatives and developed by the College’s Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council, in collaboration with stakeholders from across the institution. The Center for Diversity and Inclusion (CDI), located in Allen House, includes our Center Staff supervised by the college’s Chief Diversity Officer and Coordinator of Student Belonging. The building also offers a a lounge area for gathering and a fully stocked kitchenette. While students, faculty, staff, and campus organizations who share the mission of the CDI will be encouraged to use the space regularly, members of the campus community can reserve the space by visiting the on-campus room reservation system. Space can be reserved for programs, events, classes, and trainings. Students can access the space 24/7 using their Cedar Crest ID. Please see our MyCedarCrest page for more information on how to reserve the space. Founded under the mission to expand women’s access to higher-education, Cedar Crest College values difference in a diverse, inclusive, and equitable learning environment. The College is committed to educational excellence, leadership, and civic engagement in a pluralistic society. We thus embrace an inclusive community that brings together students, faculty, and staff of different racial and multi-racial, ethnic and multi-ethnic, gender and sexually diverse, religious and nonreligious, economic, and national identities and ages. Our educational mission includes students who have been historically underrepresented in higher education, such as students of color, first-generation college students, international students, students of varying ability or disability, and other identities. Based on feedback and recommendations from our entire community — including students, alumnae, staff, faculty and administration — our Equity Action Plan serves as a framework to cultivate an equitable sense of belonging for everyone at Cedar Crest College. Explore our Plan » Dr. Leon S. John, Jr.Allen House8 a.m. – Midnight 100 College DriveAllentown, PA 18104