The Office of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion strives to serve our vision of a fully inclusive and equitable Chatham and our mission of advancing an environment that is inclusive, diverse, mutually respectful, and equitable for all students, faculty, staff, and alumni. We are grounded in the following values:  The RISE Retreat provides Chatham students of color with an opportunity for group mentorship, community-building, identity development, and creating a network of BIPOC students and staff at the university. The retreat will take place on August 19-20, 2024. Any student of color at Chatham is encouraged to register by the August 5th deadline. Chatham's BIPOC and LGBTQIA+ community members gather monthly for these casual, relationship-building spaces. Any student, faculty, or staff who identifies with those communities is invited for a two-hour gathering featuring food, games, and activities like speed-friending, karaoke, and mocktail tasting. We aim to create a community of worldview-inclusive faculty, staff, and students who can live authentically in their religious, spiritual, or secular identities alongside other intersecting identities. Dialogue sessions, retreats, trainings, and a campus prayer/meditation room offer supportive spaces of identity exploration and community-building. History and Heritage events engage the Chatham community in challenging stereotypes and embracing our rich campus diversity. These celebrations honor a variety of marginalized identities, including Hispanic/Latine, LGBTQIA+, Native American, Black, AAPI, and women-identified communities. The Lavender and Multicultural Graduation ceremony hosted each spring semester honors and celebrates the achievements of queer, BIPOC, and international students due to their demographic underrepresentation in U.S. higher education institutions. This community of faith-based campus liaisons helps connect students with religious and spiritual resources in the greater Pittsburgh area. Members of this network attend Chatham's involvement fair each semester and often meet with students on campus for spiritual support. The Diversity and Inclusion Council is a university-wide committee comprised of faculty, staff and students. The council empowers Chatham to build a diverse and inclusive community through strategic planning, dialogue, education, research, self-reflection, and engagement. Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ("Title IX") prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in education programs and activities operated by recipients of federal financial assistance. We understand that the greater community of aspiring allies and concerned citizens may ask what they can do to contribute towards racial advocacy and social justice efforts for Chatham students. Chatham has several affirming student organizations and initiatives that focus on restorative justice and engaging across different broader equity and inclusion efforts. Thank you for your interest in supporting these programs. Email the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, andfind us on Instagram. 107 Woodland Road|Pittsburgh, PA 15232|Main: 412-365-1100|Admission: 800-837-1290|chathamadmissions@chatham.edu