While our community strives to live up to Chatham’s core value of Diversity & Inclusion, we recognize that Chatham, like our nation, still has a great deal of work to do in helping to build a more just and inclusive society. The Office of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI) leads efforts to build and sustain a diverse and culturally vibrant campus, which promotes intercultural multicultural education as well as student success and retention. Office of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion embraces a social justice and intersectional identity approach to its diversity, equity, and inclusion work. The Office of Accessibility & Academic Resources (OAAR) at Chatham University offers a wide array of academic and disability support services for the entire Chatham student population, including tutoring; disability accommodations; study and scheduling help; and more. This community of faith-based campus liaisons helps connect students with religious and spiritual resources in the greater Pittsburgh area. Members of this network attend Chatham's involvement fair each semester and often meet with students on campus for spiritual support. The RISE Retreat provides Chatham students of color with an opportunity for group mentorship, community-building, identity development, and creating a network of BIPOC students and staff at the university. The retreat will take place on August 19-20, 2024. Any student of color at Chatham is encouraged to register by the August 5th deadline. Chatham University’s commitment to community engagement and education is exemplified by our Centers, which work to promote leadership and gender equity in a variety of arenas. Many of our programs in women's leadership and gender equity are open to the public. The Diversity and Inclusion Council is a university-wide committee comprised of faculty, staff and students. The council empowers Chatham to build a diverse and inclusive community through strategic planning, dialogue, education, research, self-reflection, and engagement. Submit your suggestion or comment to the Chatham Diversity & Inclusion Council with our comment box. All comments submittedwill remain anonymous. 107 Woodland Road|Pittsburgh, PA 15232|Main: 412-365-1100|Admission: 800-837-1290|chathamadmissions@chatham.edu