Chatham promotes women’s leadership and gender equity through its award winning education and outreach programs, including the Center for Women’s Entrepreneurship, the Pennsylvania Center for Women and Politics, and the Chatham Women’s Institute. As a fully gender inclusive university, we continue our historic commitment to advancing the causes of women's leadership, empowerment, and gender equity in the classroom. Chatham University offers a wide variety of activities outside the classroom for graduate and undergraduate students interested in women's leadership and gender equity, including places to live, scholarships, clubs, special events, lectures, films, retreats, and so much more! Chatham University supports the scholarship and pedagogical practice of women's leadership and gender equity, on our campus and beyond. Our faculty are experts in the scholarship and pedagogical practice of promoting women's leadership and gender equity. To support a welcoming and inclusive living, learning, and working environment at Chatham University, we use an intersectional social justice approach that recognizes the interlocking nature of power systems that often must be addressed simultaneously. Chatham is committed to a campus environment that is supportive and engaging for students who identify across the gender spectrum and sexual identity spectrum, including those who identify as transgender, gender non-binary, genderqueer, and gender non-conforming. The CSG class of 2021 created this gender inclusivity video to provide an educational awareness for incoming students, faculty, and staff members. Chatham continually strives for gender equity, and does not tolerate discrimination. Chatham University has been recognized as the newest chapter (Zeta Zeta) of the National Women's & Gender Studies Honor Society, Iota Iota Iota (a.k.a. Triota). A national honor society with over 150 chapters, Triota’s purpose is to encourage and support scholarship, excellence, and activism in women's and gender studies. Learn more about women's leadership and gender equity news at Chatham University and join us for upcoming programs and events. 107 Woodland Road|Pittsburgh, PA 15232|Main: 412-365-1100|Admission: 800-837-1290|chathamadmissions@chatham.edu