The Office of Social Equity guides the development and implementation of proactive diversity, inclusion, and social responsibility initiatives in supportof the Cheyney University strategic plan to create a learning and working environment where all can succeed. A culture of inclusion is promoted at Cheyney University, actively engaging students, faculty, and staff – to further behaviors, attitudes, and policies that support diversity, equity, and inclusion. We champion the importance and value of a diverse and inclusive environment and advance diversity as a critical component of social, academic, and intellectual life at Cheyney University. Cheyney University is committed to creating and maintaining inclusive campus environments where all members experience a sense of value, belonging, and respect. View our policies onDiscrimination,Harassment,Affirmative Action, and learn more about yourEqual Employment Opportunity rights. Cheyney University is committed to providing leadership in extending equal opportunities to all individuals and prohibits any form of discrimination and harassment based on sex, race, color, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, marital or family status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability in any decision making regarding admissions, employment, or participation in a University program or activity following the letter and spirit of federal, state, and local non-discrimination and equal opportunity laws, such as Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972, The Age Discrimination in Employment Act, The Americans with Disabilities and ADA Amendments Act, The Equal Pay Act, and the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act. Questions or Complaints regarding this policy statement should be directed to Dr. Lakiyah Chambers, Director of Employee and Labor Relations, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, and Compliance, located at 1837 University Circle, Cheyney, PA 19319; email:DEI@cheyney.edu; phone: 610-399-2581    We assist with fostering togetherness on campus and resolving interpersonal issues when they arise. View ourSocial Equitypolicies (scroll to the bottom). We offer several diversity, inclusion, and social responsibility related programs for our students to participate in and give back. 1837 University CircleP.O Box 200Cheyney, PA 19319-0200610-399-2275 1837 University CircleP.O Box 200Cheyney, PA 19319-0200610-399-2275 Request Infoplan a visitapply nowGive now