Menu Close This site uses cookies and other tracking data to enhance user experience, analyze site traffic, and serve targeted advertisements. For more information, please review ourPrivacy Policy. The Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access stands as a cornerstone of our campus community, dedicated to fostering an environment where every individual's unique journey is not only acknowledged but also celebrated. With unwavering commitment, we extend our support to those whose voices have been historically marginalized, ensuring that their experiences find validation and empowerment within our institution. Through education, dialogue, and meaningful engagement, we champion identities that enrich our community, while resolutely addressing systemic inequities that persist. In embracing diversity and promoting equity, we strive to create a space where every member can truly find a sense of belonging. Follow Us on Instagram -@etowncivilrights Our office works collaboratively with colleagues, students, and the broader community to create an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive. We embrace the inherent symbolism of the compass, as it reminds our team that although it will take some time, we can reach our destination together. As a country and a college, we are wrestling with some challenging historical and present-day truths that directly impact our ability to create an inclusive and equitable learning environment. Still, we are motivated by Etown's intentional interpersonal and institutional progress toward transformational and sustainable change. OurCenter for Multicultural Affairsand our designation as an American Association of Colleges and Universities (AAC&U) Truth Racial Healing and Transformation™ (TRHT) Campus Center represent the most recent expansion of our efforts. The Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access educates the community, celebrates identity, and addresses structural inequities. The Campus Inclusion Council advises our office which supports students, staff, and faculty with programming, research and resources, and pedagogical considerations. There are many ways to participate and connect to new and ongoing efforts. Please continue to browse our site to learn more about us and how you can get involved. Elizabethtown College is committed to building and maintaining an environment that fosters a culturally vibrant campus community that values diversity, equity, and inclusion, and where all community members achieve a sense of belonging. Due to that commitment, the Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access will share dashboards for the Elizabethtown College campus community to view indicating the number and type of bias-related incidents reported to the College. In addition, progress reports will be released to the campus community demonstrating new initiatives and/or progress made at the institution. Elizabethtown College recognizes and respects the fact that our institution is located on the Susquehannock people's ancestral homeland. While there is currently no Susquehannock community, we recognize the historical and cultural significance of this land. As an institution of higher education, we endeavor to honor and respect the indigenous people who once inhabited this territory. This living document is a cornerstone of our commitment to nurturing an inclusive and equitable environment for all community members. We are committed to developing a space that not only recognizes the past but also actively contributes to a more equitable future. Our commitment to inclusivity extends not only to those who are currently a part of our community, but also to those whose ancestry is inextricably linked with this land. A group of Elizabethtown College colleagues are advancing our research and understanding of the land on which our institution resides. By studying the history and culture of this region, we hope to bridge the divide between the past and the present, recognizing the significance of the land's indigenous peoples. We will share updates on our progress and findings as part of our commitment. As an institution that strives to foster the values of human dignity and social justice, we extend our gratitude to the indigenous communities that have cared for this land for generations. We are committed to recognizing and learning from your contributions and history, which are integral to our collective narrative. Collaborating with students, faculty, staff and the greater community, our office promotes a culture prioritizing individual worth and interconnectedness. Our mission is realized through a variety of events, activities and initiatives exploring topics including but not limited to race/ethnicity, gender and gender identity, sexual orientation, age, socioeconomic status, ability status, national origin, and religion. Truth, Racial Healing & Transformation™ (TRHT)is a nationally recognized approach to addressing relational and systemic change through five pillars: narrative change, racial healing and relationship building, separation, law, and economy to confront racism and dismantle the belief in a hierarchy of human value. Through this initiative, the AAC&U licenses higher education institutions nationwide to implement this practical framework on their campuses and communities. In collaboration with our community partner Elizabethtown Church of the Brethren we look forward to creating an environment that believes in collective liberation and is not afraid to do the hard work of challenging systems and ways of being that are harmful to our BIPOC students, colleagues, and community members. The Mosaic House is a safe space for identity-based clubs and organizations, a multi-purpose location for activities that promote belonging on Campus. Since October 2016, the Mosaic House has provided educational programming and social events focusing on diversity and inclusion. Student organizations may reserve spaces and hold programs in the Mosaic House. Director of Student Opportunity, Access and Engagement Baugher Student Center Room 209 717-361-1998 millsd@etown.edu Meet DarceyDarcey has worked in higher education for over 15 years, serving in a variety of roles and departments at Elizabethtown College. In his role, Darcey leads initiatives that empower students with marginalized identities. Specifically, he utilizes creative approaches to provide comprehensive support, mentorship, and leadership development opportunities to historically underrepresented students.Darcey advises the Intercultural Diversity Board and the Class of 2024 on campus. He graduated from Elizabethtown College with a bachelor's degree in human services and a master's degree in strategic leadership. He envisions a campus with vibrant and accessible intercultural programming that fosters dialogue, understanding, and appreciation for diverse perspectives.Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access Student Resources Darcey has worked in higher education for over 15 years, serving in a variety of roles and departments at Elizabethtown College. In his role, Darcey leads initiatives that empower students with marginalized identities. Specifically, he utilizes creative approaches to provide comprehensive support, mentorship, and leadership development opportunities to historically underrepresented students.Darcey advises the Intercultural Diversity Board and the Class of 2024 on campus. He graduated from Elizabethtown College with a bachelor's degree in human services and a master's degree in strategic leadership. He envisions a campus with vibrant and accessible intercultural programming that fosters dialogue, understanding, and appreciation for diverse perspectives.Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access Student Resources Darcey has worked in higher education for over 15 years, serving in a variety of roles and departments at Elizabethtown College. In his role, Darcey leads initiatives that empower students with marginalized identities. Specifically, he utilizes creative approaches to provide comprehensive support, mentorship, and leadership development opportunities to historically underrepresented students. Darcey advises the Intercultural Diversity Board and the Class of 2024 on campus. He graduated from Elizabethtown College with a bachelor's degree in human services and a master's degree in strategic leadership. He envisions a campus with vibrant and accessible intercultural programming that fosters dialogue, understanding, and appreciation for diverse perspectives. Coordinator of Civil Rights and Title IX Baugher Student Center Room 210 717-361-3727 reedg@etown.edu Meet GabrielleGabrielle earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Speech Communications with a focus in Communication Studies from Millersville University, as well as completing her thesis at Millersville University. She received her Master of Science in Counseling with a focus on College Student Personnel from Shippensburg University. Gabrielle is the Title IX Coordinator, and her role is to coordinate the college's efforts to comply with obligations under Title IX and Title IX regulations.Title IX Resources Gabrielle earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Speech Communications with a focus in Communication Studies from Millersville University, as well as completing her thesis at Millersville University. She received her Master of Science in Counseling with a focus on College Student Personnel from Shippensburg University. Gabrielle is the Title IX Coordinator, and her role is to coordinate the college's efforts to comply with obligations under Title IX and Title IX regulations.Title IX Resources Gabrielle earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Speech Communications with a focus in Communication Studies from Millersville University, as well as completing her thesis at Millersville University. She received her Master of Science in Counseling with a focus on College Student Personnel from Shippensburg University. Gabrielle is the Title IX Coordinator, and her role is to coordinate the college's efforts to comply with obligations under Title IX and Title IX regulations. International Student Programs Advisor & Recruiter/PDSO Baugher Student Center Room 248 717-361-1594 pettym@etown.edu Meet MariaMaria works directly with international students throughout the student life cycle, from prior to arrival to post-graduation work authorization. She assists international students in acclimating to the educational, cultural, and social differences between their home countries and the U.S. through directed programming, workshops, and events. Maria has a B.S. in communications and a master’s degree in organizational leadership from Trevecca University.International Student Resources Maria works directly with international students throughout the student life cycle, from prior to arrival to post-graduation work authorization. She assists international students in acclimating to the educational, cultural, and social differences between their home countries and the U.S. through directed programming, workshops, and events. Maria has a B.S. in communications and a master’s degree in organizational leadership from Trevecca University.International Student Resources Maria works directly with international students throughout the student life cycle, from prior to arrival to post-graduation work authorization. She assists international students in acclimating to the educational, cultural, and social differences between their home countries and the U.S. through directed programming, workshops, and events. Maria has a B.S. in communications and a master’s degree in organizational leadership from Trevecca University. Deputy Coordinator of Civil Rights and Title IX Alpha Hall Room 202 717-361-3159 freyjennifer@etown.edu Meet JennJenn joined the Etown College community during the summer of 2021 and is the Assistant to the Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access. Jenn provides administrative support to the Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access, and Title IX. She earned a Bachelor of Science Degree from Central Penn College in Business Administration and has recently completed her Master of Science in Strategic Leadership degree through Etown’s SGPS program. Jenn also serves on Staff Council. Jenn joined the Etown College community during the summer of 2021 and is the Assistant to the Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access. Jenn provides administrative support to the Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access, and Title IX. She earned a Bachelor of Science Degree from Central Penn College in Business Administration and has recently completed her Master of Science in Strategic Leadership degree through Etown’s SGPS program. Jenn also serves on Staff Council. Jenn joined the Etown College community during the summer of 2021 and is the Assistant to the Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access. Jenn provides administrative support to the Office of Civil Rights, Opportunity, and Access, and Title IX. She earned a Bachelor of Science Degree from Central Penn College in Business Administration and has recently completed her Master of Science in Strategic Leadership degree through Etown’s SGPS program. Jenn also serves on Staff Council. View All Upcoming Events Contact Etown 717-361-1000 1 Alpha Drive Elizabethtown, PA 17022 © 2024 Elizabethtown College