Gettysburg CollegeGettysburg College Gettysburg CollegeGettysburg College Home Academics Campus Life Athletics Admissions & Aid Themissionof the Office of Diversity & Inclusion is to strategically lead, coordinate, and develop overall diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) policy, education, and activities to advance inclusive excellence in the College’s learning and working environments, as well as to enhance belonging and the intercultural awareness of faculty, students, and staff. Diversity StatementFreedom of Expression Philosophy Our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) Celebrations Calendar identifies some of the principal observances that are particularly significant to our different Gettysburg College communities. While not exhaustive of all commemorations, with this calendar we highlight and educate on the diverse cultural legacies that enrich all of us. For more information on the different events taking place in our Gettysburg College community,please refer to our DEI Events listing. At Gettysburg, we define diversity as broadly as possible: race, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, religion, socioeconomic levels, geography, and disabilities. View a glossary of diversity-related terms Gettysburg College is located in a storied place; a site of historical trauma and building of national identity with deep ties to racial justice and injustice. Yet, a major aspect of our story has been absented: that this place is Indigenous land. The Gettysburg College Land Acknowledgement initiative has sought to address the erasure of Indigenous presence while understanding this work to be ongoing. Theland acknowledgement statementitself is an important first step in building relationships with the Indigenous communities who call this place home.   Gettysburg College Fountain#gburgpodSend your photos topod@gettysburg.edu 717.337.6300 Campus Map & Directions Glatfelter Hall#gburgpodSend your photos topod@gettysburg.edu © 2023 Gettysburg College. All rights reserved.