As you navigate your own college search process, it is important for you to have the space to learn about Haverford through the lenses of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We invite you to explore this webpage, read about our community, and reach out to us about anything else that is on your mind. identify as people of color U.S.-based students who identify as people of color one or both parents did not attend college speak a language other than English at home first generation to college QuestBridge matches As you navigate your own college search process, it is important for you to have the space to learn about Haverford through the lenses of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We invite you to explore this webpage, read about our community, and reach out to us about anything else that is on your mind. The student voice is an important part of the Haverford experience. Listen to these Fords talk about their experiences at Haverford. Sometimes expenses occur in the regular flow of a student’s life that fall outside the regulated parameters of financial aid.Haverford’s LIFTFAR programaims to help fill these gaps for costs such as travel, internships, emergency medical expenses, and more. Funding is allocated on a case-by-case basis, and financial need is a consideration. Learn About LIFTFAR Affinity Groups & Resources The John P. Chesick Scholars program is a four-year academic leadership and mentoring program for Haverford students from backgrounds that are under-represented in academia. Typically, Chesick Scholars are either first-generation college students or students from low-income backgrounds. Chesick Scholars Program Haverford has been a partner with QuestBridge since 2008, which helps match accomplished low-income students with the College. QuestBridge scholars develop a strong network and receive support and mentorship throughout their four years at Haverford. Questbridge Applicants Students who are first generation to college and students from low income backgrounds (FLI students) are essential members of Haverford’s community. We created a website to help First-Generation students navigate the resources available to them. If you will be a FGLI applicant, we encourage you to explore this site. FLI Resources Horizons is a student-run networking and mentoring program that serves all students in all disciplines, with a particular focus on organizing students who may be underrepresented, under-resourced, or first in their families to attend college. Horizons provides peer networking and mentoring group, focusing on academic excellence through dinner workshops and panel discussions. Horizons&Horizons Leadership Institute There are many affinity organizations and spaces on campus that build community and host discussions pertaining to social justice, identities, inclusion, and diversity. Affinity Organizations A residential space for students invested in the histories, legacies, and traditions of the African diaspora as well as a cultural center for the campus community. An intentional community house focusing on intersectionality and social justice. The aim of its inhabitants is to have a holistic approach to healing, issues of identity, and activism. Sustains and carries out Haverford College’s commitment to diversity by supporting student programs, faculty initiatives, and curricular innovations that cultivate a vibrant and multifaceted intellectual community. A space at Haverford College open to everyone who wishes to explore and expand the notion of diversity, cultural pluralism, and multiculturalism. A space where Pan-Asian students can discuss cultural, political aspects of identity and confront the divisions and differences among Asian communities on Haverford’s campus. A safe, inclusive, intersectional space open to folks of all genders. They believe in cultivating trust, accountability, transparency, support, empowerment, and a commitment to growth. Our admission counselors are available to answer any questions you may have or connect you with other spaces on campus. Founded 1833 370 Lancaster Avenue, Haverford, PA 19041(610) 896-1000 © 2024 Haverford College. All Rights Reserved. Made with love by Black Squirrels. Hit enter toSearch all of Haverford forsearch. *We have a very tiny magic 8 ball.