 Learn LU Facts Find Maps View Events Browse UndergradMajors Browse GradPrograms Read Research Review Learn about Mountaintop Apply Visit Request Info Get Involved BrowseHousing View Safety Info Watch Live Buy Tickets Browse Store Make a Gift Pictured above: Faculty and staff mentors along with student members of the LUSSI family gather ahead of their kick-off to the 2021 cohort activities. Lehigh is committed to being an institution that strives to enhance diversity, inclusion and equity. Our ongoing goal is to ensure that all members of our community feel safe, valued and welcome.Share Your Thoughts Lehigh is committed to being an institution that strives to enhance diversity, inclusion and equity. Our ongoing goal is to ensure that all members of our community feel safe, valued and welcome. Share Your Thoughts We have made important progress in strengthening our ability to listen, learn, adapt, improve, challenge, change and lead. We have much more work to do, and this work will evolve over time. Learn more about these efforts and join us in this important work. Our commitment is reiterated through established principles that help to guide and reinforce the expectations and actions of all Lehigh community members.Read and commit to Lehigh’s Principles of our Equitable Community > Part of Lehigh’s commitment to enhancing diversity, inclusion and equity is done through nurturing a welcoming and inclusive campus environment that celebrates differences and is built upon a foundation of mutual respect. Community members hail from all over the United States, and the world, and represent all walks of life. We value this diversity and recognize the essential role it plays in contributing to our rich, vibrant and engaging campus culture. Our community members are supported through five advocacy centers which are part of Lehigh’s Office of Diversity, Inclusion & Equity.Visit the Office of Diversity, Inclusion and Equity > Pride Center for Sexual Orientation and Gender Diversity (The Pride Center) The Lehigh University Pride Center for Sexual Orientation & Gender Diversity exists to build a just, equitable world through community building and the pursuit of change. We work to create a world where people of all genders and sexualities are able to thrive as their full, authentic selves, and are a resource for all members of the Lehigh community. The Center for Gender Equity (CGE) The Center for Gender Equity works with faculty, staff, students, alumni, and members of the Lehigh Valley community to identify gender/sex-related barriers that prevent people from reaching their personal and professional goals, and then we work cooperatively to dismantle those barriers. Our approach follows a feminist praxis model of Inform, Engage, Act. This approach invites people to join at any point and to participate in knowledge- and skill-building. Using all forms of knowledge and methods, we find tools to create gender equity and provide opportunities for people to practice using the tools, giving people a gender equity toolkit to create a socially just tomorrow. Office of Multicultural Affairs (OMA) The Office of Multicultural Affairs (OMA) offers resources designed to engage, develop, and empower Lehigh's students, staff, faculty, and alumni in building their intercultural competencies. OMA is committed to cultivating an inclusive campus community that promotes mutual respect and intersectional dialogue through an intercultural lens. Chaplain's Office The Center for Dialogue, Ethics and Spirituality, directed by the Office of the University Chaplain, serves the educational mission of Lehigh University by providing space and resources designed to enhance the “ethical and spiritual development” of those who live and work at Lehigh—students, faculty and staff. Recognizing that people of good will disagree with one another on topics involving ethical analysis, spirituality and religious interpretation, the Center seeks to promote the values of open and free inquiry, engaged dialogue and respect for persons regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, gender identity or sexual orientation. Student Access & Success (SAS) The mission of the Center for Student Access and Success (SAS) is to expand all underrepresented groups’ access to the university—with a focus on first-generation and lower-income students. SAS is responsible for ensuring that strategic support systems are in place at Lehigh to enable students to have an enriching, successful college experience. Lehigh does not tolerate discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, sex, disability, religion, national origin or ethnicity, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Faculty, staff, and students who experience or witness harassment, discrimination, retaliation, or sexual misconduct are strongly encouraged to report such conduct. Make a report > See all resources for reporting > Connecting Lehigh community members with resources, organizations and programs aligned with creating an inclusive and diverse institution. Check out the highlights below andsee the full listcompiled by the CEC. Discover organizations that help to connect and engage our diverse Lehigh community. Tap into the many resources available to support Lehigh’s diverse students and scholars.  Explore the toolkit and full list of resources from the CEC > Soto joined the department in June after intensive training at the Allentown Police Academy. Ameer’s appointment marks a significant step forward in Lehigh’s commitment to inclusivity and the celebrations of diverse perspectives and traditions The food pantries are located in Johnson Hall on the Asa Packer Campus and Iacocca Hall on the Mountaintop Campus. View all Diversity, Inclusion & Equity events > Lehigh University is part of the broader community and works with partners and organizations to increase access to services and improve quality of life for those living in South Bethlehem. Learn more about Lehigh and the community > Visit the Community Service Office website > The Lehigh University Student Scholars Institute (LUSSI) is a year-long program that strives to support all our F1RST+ college students throughout their four years at Lehigh University. F1RST+ students are those that identify as first generation college students, underrepresented minorities, and/or are Pell-eligible or from a low income family.Learn about LUSSI > In celebrating religious diversity on campus, the Muslim Student Association invites the Lehigh community to attend a weekly Friday prayer service held during the academic year in Packer Memorial Church.Visit the Muslim Student Association > Lehigh partners with the SouthSide community in different ways throughout the year from community events to tutoring as well as service programs, concerts and more.Learn more about the partnership > The student-run Hillel Society offers a free Shabbat dinner every Friday night during the academic year and holds holiday celebrations and numerous social events, including community service.Visit the Hillel Society > A training model launched by the Pride Center for Sexual Orientation and Gender Diversity in 2016, LUally delivers skills-based, educational opportunities for the Lehigh community.Learn more about becoming an ally > The Marcon Institute hosted the inaugural Radical Love Conference bringing conversations, moments of reflection and love to participants across campus.Learn more about the institute > Passport to Success is a program that opens up academic opportunities beyond campus by providing students with a free passport and numerous off-campus offerings such as educational trips, study abroad and international internships.Learn more about the program > The Mentor Collective program pairs first-year students with experienced Lehigh students who share similar interests and backgrounds. Mentors smooth the transition to college in numerous ways, including answering questions and connecting students to campus resources.Learn more about this program > Alumni Memorial Building27 Memorial Drive WestBethlehem, PA 18015Phone:(610) 758-3034Email:vpec@lehigh.edu  GO: The Campaign for Future MakersBe part of the most ambitious fundraising and engagement effort in Lehigh's history.Visit the campaign website now > 27 Memorial Drive West, Bethlehem, PA 18015 USA Phone:(610) 758-3000 © 2024 All Rights Reserved