As a Catholic University in the Franciscan Tradition, Neumann recognizes and cherishes the dignity of each person regardless of age, culture, faith, ethnicity, race, gender, sexual orientation, language, ability, or social class.Read More *Expand/Collapse Our Catholic tradition and Franciscan charism at its best seeks to be inclusive and our mission invites us to be a community that promotes a deep sense of respect and reverence for the dignity of all persons. Our policies and practices, our curricular and co-curricular offerings, and our welcoming and caring campus environment reflect our commitment to a diverse and inclusive academic community dedicated to promoting social justice for all. This commitment to diversity and equity ensures that we can achieve excellence by promoting a culture of learning, listening, and understanding. Each member of the Neumann University community is expected to treat every person with care and respect, to embrace humility in the interactions with others, and to value and treasure differences. This commitment is central to our shared Catholic Franciscan values. Grounded in our Franciscan RISES values of Reverence, Integrity, Service, Excellence and Stewardship, Neumann University actively promotes a diverse, welcoming, and inclusive campus community. Our vision advances a diverse and inclusive campus environment in which all community members enjoy mutual respect and are actively engaged in the life of the university. This active engagement leads to intellectual growth, spiritual formation, personal development, and leadership experiences for all members of the University community. Realizing this vision more fully will lead to meaningful relationships on campus and with diverse communities beyond our boundaries. To these ends, through the leadership of the Diversity, Inclusion, and Equity Council, the President’s Advisory Council on Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and and Belonging in collaboration with the entire Neumann community, the University will implement and support the following objectives: About Us Core Values President’s Advisory Council News Learn More Events Learn More Resources DEIB Library DEIB Resources DEIB Leadership Council Learn More Incident Reporting Learn More Office of the Provost Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Degree Completion Academic Calendar Registrar's Office Core Experience Office of Accessibility Services Office of TRIO Support Services The Writing Center Center for Career and Professional Development Office of Academic Coaching and Tutoring The Learning Commons Library Honors Program Honor Societies Study Abroad Child Development Center Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging QUICK LINKS One Neumann DriveAston, PA19014-1298 Phone:610-459-0905  Neumann Universityparticipates in theState AuthorizationReciprocity Agreements. Neumann University © 2024. All Rights Reserved.