Penn's Way, our annual workplace giving campaign (October 1- November 22) is making strides toward supporting critical programs that benefit those in need. This year, double your donation with a 100% match for every dollar to help make a difference in our communities. Understanding and appreciating diversity is one of Penn’s most important priorities and is fundamental to success in today’s world. Understanding and appreciating diversity is one of Penn’s most important priorities and is fundamental to success in today’s world. A list of academic programs across Penn schools that advance Penn’s goal of achieving excellence through diversity. News and information about initiatives that advance the University-wide goal of impacting an array of individuals and communities at home and around the world. A list of programs that support and enrich the intellectual, cultural, and social diversity of Penn’s campus. The Racial Empowerment Collaborative (REC) is a research, program development, and training center that brings together community leaders, researchers, authority figures, families, and youth to study and promote racial literacy and health in schools and neighborhoods. A list of undergraduate and graduate student organizations that ensure inclusion and diversity within specific Penn schools. A list of resource offices, committees, organizations, and groups, which support, encourage, and advocate for diverse members of the Penn community. Projects for Progress awards prizes to support proposals by teams of students, faculty, and staff designed to promote equity and inclusion and to make a direct impact in Philadelphia. The Office of Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Programs is charged with ensuring that the University meets its obligations as an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer and educational institution. Across 12 Schools, more than 25,000 students, and more than 5,000 faculty members, Penn becomes one university: a wide-ranging, ever-changing community that draws its strength from a multitude of races, ethnicities, genders, sexual orientations, historical traditions, ages, religions, disabilities, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic backgrounds. The Center for Hispanic Excellence: La Casa Latina Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Center Makuu: The Black Cultural Center Penn Women's Center Greenfield Intercultural Center Pan-Asian American Community House Penn’s six cultural resource centers provide a welcoming forum—and a home away from home—for students ofallbackgrounds who are interested in enriching their knowledge, finding encouragement, testing ideas, asking questions, and initiating change. 62% 56%  The Campaign for Community aims to strengthen our Penn community by finding ways to discuss and understand key issues that may appear to be difficult or intractable. The Office of Social Equity & Community was established to promote awareness, communication, collaboration, research, and programming that advance the University’s mission of fostering social equity, diversity, and inclusion. This team works in concert with offices across the university and with local community partners to identify new opportunities for progress, and also to recognize ongoing initiatives by students, faculty, and staff. October 21, 2024 October 17, 2024 October 16, 2024 October 10, 2024 Philadelphia, PA 19104 Telephone:(215) 898-5000Contact UsMapsParking As America’s first university, Penn has a history that dates back to 1740 and shares many ties with the colonial city of Philadelphia and the birth of our nation.