Across 12 Schools, more than 25,000 students, and more than 4,000 faculty members, we become one university: a wide-ranging, ever-changing community that draws its strength from a multitude of races, ethnicities, genders, sexual orientations, historical traditions, ages, religions, disabilities, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic backgrounds. Fueling Business Growth is tied to a multi-faceted action plan aimed at strengthening relationships, and expanding access to resources, with local, diverse and minority-owned businesses. Penn’s Projects for Progress was launched in 2020 and has awarded funding of up to $100,000 to support the efforts of teams of students, faculty, and staff designed to promote equity and inclusion and to make a direct impact in Philadelphia. ISSS (International Student & Scholar Services) offers 3 tracks of iCommunicate trainings. Request a training for your group, office or department. Open to all Penn students, scholars, faculty and staff. For 35 years, GIC has served as Penn’s resource for enhancing student’s intercultural knowledge, competency, and leadership. The center offers experiential courses for credit, signature intercultural programs, and other services related to diversity and intercultural education. Communities for Childbirth, founded by Seungwon (Lucy) Lee C’23, was among the 2023 President’s Engagement and President’s Innovation Prize winners. The international organization empowers maternal and child health in Jinja, Uganda. The student-developed app takes users on a tour of slavery's legacy at Penn in six stops, each telling a story through an augmented reality (AR) experience. The tour relates to specific locations on Penn's University City Campus. The University launched a new initiative - Dinners Across Differences - which strives to encourage dialogue and bring people together in informal conversations over shared meals. The dinners will be organized within one School to discuss issues of importance and interest to that School’s community. More information will be forthcoming. In 2023 topics ranged from antisemitism to genetic ancestry tests and race. Philadelphia, PA 19104 Telephone:(215) 898-5000