 As a living and learning community, we are committed to being an engaged, culturally inclusive campus that does not exclude or marginalize individuals and groups because of gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, social class, marital and parental status, disability, age, religion, geography or national origin. We seek a campus community that reflects the rich diversity of humanity with the full participation of people who represent the breadth of human differences. We believe these commitments are necessary to be a viable and competitive institution of higher learning in the 21st century. They are indispensable in achieving our mission of educating “undergraduate students for productive, creative and reflective lives of achievement, leadership and service in a diverse and interconnected world.” Susquehanna has numerous clubs, groups, departments and organizations designed to connect students with their peers including: For employees of Susquehanna, there are a number of affinity groups and available resources including: Inclusivity and action don’t stop at the campus border. Susquehanna has a number of programs and initiatives targeted to supporting diversity and promoting inclusion and equity in the local community. Some examples are: Find a home away from home at the Center for Diversity & Inclusion. Helping students who are new to this country adjust to life in the U.S. and at Susquehanna University. No matter your religious or spiritual affiliation, there is a community at Susquehanna for you. Offering individualized assistance in study skills, time management and tutoring in specific subjects. Susquehanna University is committed to working with students who have disabilities by providing reasonable and adequate accommodations. The ELL program is an intensive academic English program designed to prepare students for the college experience.   Susquehanna University provides a list of holidays to help faculty, staff and students better understand the diversity of observances by students. Use the list for planning cocurricular activities, being mindful of observances or learning more about the rich religious and cultural diversity that exists at Susquehanna. Multifaith & Cultural Heritage Holidays Events throughout the year celebrate our diverse community. They include: We are committed to maintaining and fostering a safe and welcoming campus environment that aids us all in the process of lifelong learning and the cultivation of good character. We do not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected status. Report if you or someone you know experienced an incident of bias. Reports of bias incidents for the past 3 years are availablehere. “In Hong Kong I learned the importance of the power of stories and how using your voice and truly chasing the dreams you seek your whole lifetime will take you places you can never imagine.” Read more about Malia. “Studying social sciences gave me a greater appreciation and solid foundation for understanding the importance of identity, social structures, culture, economics and politics.” Read more about Baktash. “As a proud graduate of Susquehanna, with a master’s degree and my own business, I’m reaping the results of all the hard work I’ve put in.” Read more about Bryan.