Temple is nationally recognized for its outstanding commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion for faculty, staff and students. In recognition of its exceptional commitment to diversity and inclusion, Temple University has been honored withthe 2024 Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Awardfrom Insight Into Diversity magazine. This marks the third consecutive year Temple has received this prestigious national award, which recognizes U.S. colleges and universities that excel in creating a diverse and inclusive environment for students, faculty and staff. The HEED Award, granted by Insight Into Diversity, is the oldest and largest diversity-focused publication in higher education. Temple University will be featured with 113 other honorees in the magazine's November/December 2024 issue. “We are honored to receive the 2024 HEED Award, which reaffirms our deep commitment to fostering an inclusive environment for all,” said Temple President Richard M. Englert, who expressed gratitude for the recognition. “Temple has always been a place where students of all backgrounds can thrive, and this award further validates our efforts to break down barriers and create pathways to success." The award highlights the university’s ongoing initiatives to support diversity, equity and inclusion. These initiatives are reflected in Temple’s increasing diversity, particularly in the composition of its incoming first-year students. The award was based on progress made in 2023–2024, but this fall’s incoming class reflects even greater diversity, increasing from 56.5% in 2023–2024 to 62.3%. Of first-year undergraduate students who identify as African American, Temple’s enrollment this fall is up from 22.4% to 29.6%. Hispanic or Latine students represented 11.3% of students in 2023–2024 and now 12.6%, while Asian students now represent 14.9% of first-year students. Vice President for Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Community Impact Valerie Harrison emphasized the broader impact of the university’s efforts. "Diversity, equity and inclusion are at the heart of Temple’s mission,” Harrison said. “Our community is stronger when we foster a culture where everyone feels valued, and where everyone has the opportunity to reach their full potential. This award reflects the hard work of our entire institution—students, faculty and staff alike—and highlights the programs we've implemented to provide a welcoming environment for all.” The award process involved thoroughly evaluating Temple’s efforts across various areas, including student and employee recruitment and retention, leadership support for diversity, and campus climate. Temple’s community impact programs, such as the Temple Community Gateway and Saturday College for middle schoolers, further demonstrated the university’s commitment to equity in opportunities for everyone. “The HEED Award process is comprehensive and rigorous,” said Lenore Pearlstein, publisher of Insight Into Diversity magazine, who praised the recipients. “We recognize institutions that demonstrate a commitment to diversity and weave it into their daily practices. Temple University’s continued dedication to fostering an inclusive campus environment is truly commendable." Temple’s recognition as a HEED Award recipient reflects its enduring mission to ensure equitable access to higher education and create an environment where diversity and inclusion thrive. Temple University Strategic Marketing & Communications Bell Building1101 W. Montgomery AvenuePhiladelphia,PA19122USA Temple Now: The official source for Temple news.Copyright 2015, Temple University. All rights reserved.