Furman University is a community of learning enriched by the wide variety of experiences and perspectives of its students. Our student body represents 45 states, 29 countries and many different cultural, religious, sexual, gendered and intellectual backgrounds. However, we look beyond mere numbers when speaking about meaningful diversity and equality, as evidenced in theuniversity’s diversity vision.Our broad and inclusive definition of diversity encourages civil discourse and bold intellectual inquiry and discovery. At Furman, you’ll meet students who share the same passions but approach things from different angles. That’s one of the advantages of attending one of the nation’s premier liberal arts colleges. Whether you’re studying biology or computer science, literature or politics, your classmates will always expose you to new ideas and possibilities. Our lessons go beyond the classroom. You’ll learn how to engage all kinds of people and examine your own beliefs in a community that is truly concerned with your development and personal well-being. And at some point—while you’re still at Furman—you’ll become an informed and active citizen of the world. Because at the core of our mission is a belief in educating the whole student—one who seeks a life full of meaning, commitment, leadership and ethical integrity. Check out some of the ways that we encourage an open and honest community at Furman. At Furman, we're committed to exploring the cultural dimensions of our global community. That’s why we've developed a number of interdisciplinary minors and courses to help you understand the cultures, histories, and intellectual traditions that shape the experiences of people in our growing, pluralistic world. The Center for Interpersonal Connections (CIC) seeks to create a living and learning environment that fosters belonging for historically underrepresented students as well as causes all students to thoughtfully reflect on diversity and inclusion in the liberal arts tradition of engaged citizenship. Furman is home to a spiritual community that is not only tolerant, but actively engaged in exploring and understanding different religions. There are more than 20 student groups representing different faiths on campus. The mission of the Student Office for Accessibility Resources is to create an accessible, inclusive, sustainable learning environment, where disability is recognized as an aspect of diversity that is integral to the campus community and to society. Explore DEI resources, including in-person and online workshops, inclusive technology, grants, and people to contact. 3300 Poinsett HighwayGreenville, SC 29613 864.294.2000 Furman University does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, pregnancy, disability, age, religion, veteran status, or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable local, state, or federal law in admission, treatment, or access to, or employment in, its programs and activities. 