At Furman, we embrace meaningful diversity and equality as embodied by both implicit values and explicit practices in all of our endeavors. As a university community, we are committed to supporting students, faculty and staff from every walk of life. For Furman, diversity goes beyond any single category and includes the full range of differences that encompass all that makes us unique, including differences in race, ethnicity, gender, socio-economic status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, disability, religion, worldview and many others. If you feel you have experienced, witnessed or have knowledge of a bias incident, please complete the bias incident report. This cross-department team shares responsibilities in leading communication, decision-making, resource allocation, responsive action, division of assignments, and information flow for Furman’s diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging initiatives. This innovative shared leadership approach reinforces that DEIB is everyone’s responsibility. Furman has made an institutional commitment to pursue community equity and campus diversity. We are a community of learning enriched by the wide variety of experiences and perspectives of our students. Our strategic diversity plan expresses our philosophy around the concept of inclusive excellence while laying out a set of common goals and objectives. On Sept. 7, 2020, Furman President Elizabeth Davis announced the creation of the Ad Hoc Committee on Black Life at Furman. Furman University is committed to fostering a thriving campus community where everyone has a sense of belonging and feels supported. 3300 Poinsett HighwayGreenville, SC 29613 864.294.2000 Furman University does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, pregnancy, disability, age, religion, veteran status, or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable local, state, or federal law in admission, treatment, or access to, or employment in, its programs and activities. 