We're here for you to make sure you get to be a part of everything we have to offer.Whether in the classroom, on the court, the field, in the band or in the stands, while you're here you're a part of a lifelong family, guaranteeing you the entire HBCU experience. We're here for you to make sure you get to be a part of everything we have to offer. Whether in the classroom, on the court, the field, in the band or in the stands, while you're here you're a part of a lifelong family, guaranteeing you the entire HBCU experience. It's not about where you've been, it's about where you want to go.Our office is here to help you get everything together to make sure your admittance goes smooth, ensuring your first day as a Lanite runs like clockwork for both you and your family. It's not about where you've been, it's about where you want to go. Our office is here to help you get everything together to make sure your admittance goes smooth, ensuring your first day as a Lanite runs like clockwork for both you and your family. Our office prepares you for a highly competitive world after graduation, one where you will not only compete with graduates from other schools, you will thrive over them.We prepare you for the best jobs and graduate schools after you leave here.We want you to be proud of the accredited diploma you receive, hanging it on the wall of your top floor, corner office for all to envy. Our office prepares you for a highly competitive world after graduation, one where you will not only compete with graduates from other schools, you will thrive over them. We prepare you for the best jobs and graduate schools after you leave here. We want you to be proud of the accredited diploma you receive, hanging it on the wall of your top floor, corner office for all to envy. If you're looking for free money such as scholarships and grants, you should try to apply for financial aid early as possible to get the most money available, but definitely by March 31 of each year.New students, including transfer students, should complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). If you're looking for free money such as scholarships and grants, you should try to apply for financial aid early as possible to get the most money available, but definitely by March 31 of each year. New students, including transfer students, should complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). We want to see you succeed!That's why we have multiple academic centers where you are able to receive additional support. Schedules and calendars can also be found here, allowing you to plan your studies and travels accordingly.Start strong! Finish strong! We want to see you succeed! That's why we have multiple academic centers where you are able to receive additional support. Schedules and calendars can also be found here, allowing you to plan your studies and travels accordingly. Start strong! Finish strong! News Articles Sep 23, 2024 SHARE:  The White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity throughhistorically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs)is proud to announce the 2024 cohort ofHBCU Scholars, marking the 10th anniversary of this transformative program. This year, 110 outstanding students from 77 HBCUs across the nation have been selected for their exceptional academic achievements, leadership potential, and dedication to their communities. “For 10 years, the HBCU Scholars program has celebrated the exceptional academic talent and achievements of students at our Historically Black Colleges and Universities – a recognition that reflects the Biden-Harris Administration’s determination to fight for our nation’s HBCUs and their immense contributions to excellence and diversity in higher education,” said U.S. Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona. “This year’s 110 outstanding students exemplify Black excellence – and fill us with hope for the promise of tomorrow. We couldn’t be prouder to support them on their journey.” Since its inception in 2014, the HBCU Scholars program has been committed to recognizing and supporting the brightest and service-oriented minds from HBCUs. Over the past decade, the program has empowered over 500 students, providing them with invaluable opportunities for personal and professional growth, mentorship, and networking. Currently representing 23 states and 11 countries, this group of HBCU Scholars were selected from a competitive pool of over 350 applicants. The 2024 cohort includes students from a diverse array of disciplines, including science, technology, engineering, math, humanities, social sciences, and the arts. These scholars have demonstrated not only academic excellence but also a strong commitment to service and leadership in their communities. Throughout the year, the HBCU Scholars will engage in a series of workshops, leadership development programs, and networking events designed to enhance their skills and expand their horizons. Additionally, they will have the opportunity to connect with industry leaders, policymakers, and alumni of the program, further enriching their educational experience. Aligned with the U.S. Department of Education’s mission toRaise the Bar, students in this program are encouraged to lift their communities, unite others around student success, work to strengthen our democracy, and grow our economy. A critical component of the HBCU Scholar Program is a partnership with NASA to foster innovation and opportunity for the cohorts. This partnership with NASA makes the Minority University Research and Education Project Innovation Tech Transfer Idea Competition (MITTIC), Through the Mini MITTIC program, HBCU Scholars will team with one another to developing ideas to commercialize technology derived from NASA intellectual property that can improve their campus and surrounding communities. HBCU Scholars will also be invited to the2024 HBCU Week National Annual Conference, held on September 15-19, 2024in Philadelphia, PA. This year’s conference themes are, “Raising the Bar: Where Excellence and Opportunity Meet.” During the conference, HBCU Scholars will participate in conference sessions designed to engage a spirit of innovation, leadership, and personal and professional development. Most importantly, HBCU Scholars will have opportunities to engage with one another, initiative staff, and partners to further showcase their individual and collective talent. “I am delighted to announce the 2024-2025 HBCU Scholars representing 77 of our nations HBCUs. These students exemplify the excellence and leadership that is characteristic of the HBCU community,” said Executive Director of White House Initiative on Historically Black Colleges, and Universities Dietra Trent. “I anticipate and look forward to our partnership over the next academic school year.” Following the conference HBCU Scholars will be invited to participate in programs, event and monthly master classes designed to enhance HBCU Scholars professional development and create greater access to post-graduation opportunities within non-profit, business, and federal agency partners to help ensure that as a nation we remain globally competitive. More information about the 110 HBCU Scholars’ activities will be provided in the coming months as they serve as ambassadors of the White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity through Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Below is the complete listing of the 35 UNCF-member institution students who are among the 2024 White House HBCU Scholars. They are listed by state or country of origin. ALABAMA(Mobile)Jeric Packer, Stillman College, Tuscaloosa, AL(Tuscaloosa)Raven Herring, Spelman College, Atlanta, GA BAHAMAS(Exuma)Wayne Curtis II, Wiley University, Marshall, TX BARBADOS(Bridgetown)Juliana Blackman, Allen University, Columbia, SC DOMINICAN REPUBLIC(Santo Domingo)Katherine Pamela Sugilio Peralta, Paine College, Augusta, GA GEORGIA(Atlanta)Robert Adams, Fisk University, Nashville, TN(Atlanta)Matthew Dormus, Oakwood University, Huntsville, AL(Marietta)Osoniya Wodi, Xavier University of Louisiana, New Orleans, LA(Stockbridge)Jayden Williams, Clark Atlanta University, Atlanta, GA ILLINOIS(Champaign)Sa’kinah Williams, Rust College, Holly Springs, MS(Chicago)Laila Cooper, Lane College, Jackson, TN(Chicago)Asia Rogers, Bennett College, Greensboro, NC INDIANA(Cedar Lake)Keeley Bernard, Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, AL(Indianapolis)Kristyn Lyles, Florida Memorial University, Miami Gardens, FL JAMAICA(Port Antonio)Santasha Johnson, Benedict College, Columbia, SC(Portland)Shemar Stewart, Voorhees University, Denmark, SC(Portland)Roxi-Ann Williams, Benedict College, Columbia, SC LOUISIANA(Shreveport)Madisyn Nicole Hicks, Dillard University, New Orleans, LA(Thibodaux)DeAndrew Thomas, Dillard University, New Orleans, LA MISSISSIPPI(Flora)Almia Valentine, Tougaloo College, Hinds County, MS NEW JERSEY(East Orange)Sagal Buchanan, Bethune-Cookman University, Daytona Beach, FL NEW YORK(Baldwin)Naja Bostwick, Morehouse School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA(Bronx)Sean Carter, Johnson C. Smith University, Charlotte, NC NIGERIA(Enugu)Izuchukwu Mba, Talladega College, Talladega, AL(Lagos)Comfort Iretioluwa Olorundare, Shaw University, Raleigh, NC NORTH CAROLINA(Charlotte)Aeries Hoskins, Tougaloo College, Hinds County, MS(Whitsett)Josh Kyei, Morehouse College, Atlanta, GA OHIO(Cincinnati)Alexandra Nelson, Spelman College, Atlanta, GA SOUTH CAROLINA(Greenville)Lawrenz Ellman-Sanders, Voorhees University, Denmark, SC TENNESSEE(Memphis)Keith Jordan Jr., Lane College, Jackson, TN(Memphis)Breeze Smith, Claflin University, Orangeburg, SC TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO(Trinidad & Tobago)Jean-Marie Farinha, Wiley University, Marshall, TX TEXAS(Dallas)Anthony George II, Morehouse College, Atlanta, GA VIRGINIA(Richmond)Michael Kevin Crossley Sr., Virginia Union University, Sydney Lewis School of Business, Richmond, VA WISCONSIN(Milwaukee)Dailona I. Dallas, Jarvis Christian University, Hawkins, TX