Other pages in this section: Part of encouraging equity is to provide processes that respond to the need for special accommodations and a reporting and response system for acts of discrimination. The University provides training intended to prevent discrimination of any type, and we also encourage reporting across the entire University. We are all imperfect and can have hidden biases. Our aim is to become more aware of bias—and work to prevent it—so we can learn together in an inclusive environment. Part of encouraging equity is to provide processes that respond to the need for special accommodations and a reporting and response system for acts of discrimination. The University provides training intended to prevent discrimination of any type, and we also encourage reporting across the entire University. We are all imperfect and can have hidden biases. Our aim is to become more aware of bias—and work to prevent it—so we can learn together in an inclusive environment. The University’s Commitment The University of the South stands firmly for the principle that its employees, students, and participants of university-sponsored programs and activities have a right to be free from discrimination based on race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy and childbirth, and genetic information. As required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the ADA Amendments Act of 2008, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, the University does not discriminate on the basis of sex or other protected categories in the educational programs or activities which it operates. This requirement of non-discrimination extends to admission to and employment in those programs or activities. The University is committed to sustaining a community in which the dignity of every individual is respected. Key to this value are efforts to nurture an environment of civility and mutual respect and to foster a culture of reporting concerns so that the University can respond promptly and equitably whenever an incident occurs. All employees, students, and participants of university-sponsored programs and activities have the right to be free from harassment and retaliation. Inquiries regarding the application of Title IX may be addressed to: The University is also committed to free expression. Speech not specifically directed against individuals in a harassing way may be protected by traditional safeguards of free speech, even though the comments may cause considerable discomfort or concern to others in the community. The full policy can befound here.For more information go to theTitle IX Page. ©The University of the South2024