Belonging & Communities within Student Affairs strives to create an affirming environment that reflects the richness of human diversity and enables every student to thrive. We recognize that each student brings a unique perspective to the Vanderbilt community, and our goal is to cultivate a sense of belonging where they each have access to resources and equitable support systems that cater to their individual needs. Meet the Team  The Bishop Joseph Johnson Black Cultural Center (BCC) is an essential resource for Vanderbilt and the greater Nashville community that seeks to highlight Black history, accomplishments, and culture. The mission of the BCC is to enhance the Vanderbilt experience of Black students, faculty, and staff by providing effective programming and resources to address the academic, cultural, well-being, and social needs of the community it serves. The programs and partnerships of the center promote greater cultural understanding, allyship, and appreciation for equity, diversity, and inclusion. Meet the Team  The Center for Spiritual and Religious Life nurtures a community of communities where students, faculty, and staff are invited to experience hospitality, engage in discovery, and practice generosity. In collaboration with the Center for Spiritual and Religious Life, affiliate chaplains provide support to a number of faith communities at Vanderbilt. Meet the Team  The K.C. Potter Center for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, and Intersex Life at Vanderbilt University (LGBTQI Life) is a cultural center, a place of affirmation for individuals of all identities, and a resource for information and support about gender and sexuality. LGBTQI Life serves all members of the Vanderbilt community — students, faculty, staff, and alumni — by creating educational, cultural, and social opportunities. The center also supports and advises LGBTQIA+ related campus groups and activities, as well as members of the Nashville community and beyond. Meet the Team  The Margaret Cuninggim Women’s Center is an affirming space for women and for all members of the Vanderbilt community that actively resists sexism and all forms of oppression by providing resources and educational programming. The Student Center for Social Justice and Identity serves students by fostering a sense of belonging through intentional reflection, critical dialogue, and inclusive engagement within the diverse Vanderbilt community and beyond. By utilizing globally recognized curriculums, art-based pedagogies, and critical thinking to facilitate transformative educational experiences, SCSJI aims to develop the next generation of transnational leaders one student at a time. Identity Initiatives include support of groups such as first-generation college students, Indigenous and Native students, Latin American and Hispanic students, low-income students, military-connected students, Asian Pacific Islander Desi American students, Muslim students, Jewish students, and students who identify with visible and invisible disabilities. Learn more aboutidentity initiativesand correspondingstudent organizations. TheVanderbilt Holy Days Calendarwas developed to broaden the University community’s recognition of its diverse religious perspectives.Visit the Holy Days webpage to learn more. Women in the Academy:This program offers Ph.D. students and postdocs a chance to reflect on the ways in which gender affects their professional experiences in the academy. Work-Life Workshop:For faculty, staff, graduate students, and postdocs. Student Affairsat Vanderbilt University 2301 Vanderbilt PlaceNashville, TN 37240Email Nashville, Tennessee 37240 615-322-7311•Contact Us Vanderbilt University’s Online Privacy Notice Vanderbilt University is committed to the principle of equal opportunity. Vanderbilt University does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of their race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, military service, or genetic information in its administration of educational policies, programs, or activities; admissions policies; scholarship and loan programs; athletic or other University-administered programs; or employment.Accessibility information. Vanderbilt®, Vanderbilt University® and the Vanderbilt logos are trademarks of The Vanderbilt University.Site Development: Digital Strategies (Communications and Marketing.)©2024