Expect the unexpected. The identity of Austin College centers on a transformative learning experience forALLstudents.  This community is made up of diverse students, faculty and staff who are aware and respectful of our differences, and who intentionally pursue a culture of inclusive excellence. As such, we at Austin College commit to the cultivation of minds, the pursuit of social justice, and respect for common humanity. “An equitable education is the foundation for an equitable future. An inclusive and accessible education embraces our differences, empowers and supports unique individuals in ways that open the door for honest, productive, and innovative learning.”Dr. Felix Harcourt,Assistant Professor of History Diversity is a reality at Austin College, because we are a community of diverse individuals.  Our student body is approximately 50% non-white, and we are a designatedFulbright Hispanic-Serving Institution Leader.The people who make up 'RooNation also vary in respect to religious background, gender and sexual identity, socio-economic status, and so on.  Our philosophy is to cultivate a community of inclusion, where all people feel like they belong and are celebrated. “Austin College recognizes that each and every member of our community is gifted, distinct, unique, sufficient, and complete. We strive to cherish and celebrate the diversity of 'RooNation by honoring the full humanity of each student, faculty member, staff member, and alumnus.”Dr. John Williams '84,Chaplain & Director of Church Relations  Line  Knowing that people vary, we want every member of our community to feel valued in a way that nurtures, rather than erases, differences. To put those words into action, the President’s Committee on Inclusion and Diversity works to develop recommendations for meaningful change. Under the leadership of Carllos Lassiter, Chief Inclusion & Diversity Officer/Vice President for Student Affairs, the committee includes students, faculty, and staff. “The identity of Austin College centers on a transformative learning experience for students that is augmented by a culture of inclusive excellence shaped by diverse scholars, learners, and staff.”Dr. Carllos Lassiter,VP of Student Affairs & Chief Inclusion Diversity Officer Divider Austin College welcomes and respects students, faculty, and staff from all backgrounds including race and ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, and religious traditions. You can see from the campus data, that diversity is a reality. Visit theInstitutional Researchpage for more information. Students can participate in a variety of student-led clubs and organizations that celebrate what makes us each unique, including a wide array of cultural, religious, and interest-based groups which all students, regardless of identity, are welcome to join. Student Organizations Cultural Organizationsinclude AC KangaRAAS, Asian Student Association, Black Expressions, Catholic Student Association, Indian Cultural Association, Jewish Student Association, La Familia, Los Amigos, Muslim Student Association, and the Student International Organization. Social Action groupsinclude ACCares (AIDS/HIV awareness), Amnesty International, Environmentally Concerned Organization of Students, CHAMPS (Cultivating Helpful, Aware, Mindful People of Service) and Gender-Sexuality Alliance. Nationally chartered organizationsinclude Alpha Phi Omega national service fraternity, Habitat for Humanity, and Rotaract. A key facet of the Compass Curriculum is that students deeply explore ideas from multiple perspectives. Through a powerful, time-tested liberal arts curriculum, students gain the knowledge and skills necessary to navigate the challenges of the 21st Century. Students will complete at least two curricular requirements in diversity; these courses explore the range of human experience, engage new perspectives, and prepare students to participate in a diverse and global society. What is gender, and what is the relationship between sex and gender? How do ideas about what it meansto be a man or a woman shape our lives and our society? Where do those ideas come from anyway-arethey a reflection of "real" differences between men and women? Come to think of it, what does real mean?Does it mean that we think those differences are important, or that they are rooted in biology?Welcome to Sex, Gender & Society-a survey course built around these questions. Our task is to develop asociological approach to the study of sex and gender as we seek to understand how and why thesecategories matter for individuals and societies. By the end of the semester, you will understand what asociological approach to gender entails and will be able to explain what it means to think about gender andsexuality as "social facts." This course is divided into three main units devoted to the following topics: 1)gender, work and the family; 2) contending approaches to explaining the causes and consequences ofsex/gender difference and inequality; and, 3) gender, sexuality and the body. A detailed study of the history of immigration to the United States, with a focus on the late nineteenth and twentieth century. Topics include the place of immigration in American ideology and self-image, histories of social and political resistance to immigration, and the impact and legacy of immigrants in America. Particular attention to the cultural, geographical, and temporal diversity of the immigrant experience. An exploration of the ways in which different cultures lead people to vary in basic psychological processes. The course will particularly focus on collectivism and individualism. Topics include language development, moral reasoning, mental health, self-concept, and parenting styles. This course fulfills the Global Diversity requirement. PREQ: Psychology 101 and Psychology 201. Requirements met: Social Sciences Breadth/Discover and Global Diversity. (Typically each spring) Whether examining the indigenous rights movements in Latin America, the Civil Rights Movement in the United States, or the 15- M Movement in Spain, one will find that social movements around the world are deeply connected to the political realities in which they originate. But what are the political, social, and economic circumstances and contexts and variables that generally lead to the development of social movements? What motivates people to join them? What methods do members of social movements employ to reach their objectives? Are there internal and external features that are necessary for their success? And what role do social movements play in democratizing and democratic states. These are the questions we will seek to answer in this course. Requirements met: Social Sciences Breadth/Discover, Systems of Power, Privilege, and Inequality, and Advanced Writing Competency. (Every other fall or spring) A detailed study of the history of the Civil Rights Movement for African-Americans and other ethnic minorities in America with focus on school desegregation, student and community protest, white backlash, court decisions, government action and inaction, divisions between moderates and radicals, and the causes of disintegration of the various movements, with some attention to busing and affirmative action. Requirements met: Humanities Breadth/Discover and Systems of Power, Privilege, and Inequality. Cross-listed with Social Justice and Community Engagement 202. (Every other year) A variety of courses focused on issues of sex and gender in literature. Topics include women’s literature, gender/genre, bodies of enlightenment, gay and lesbian writers, and postcolonial women writers. May be repeated once when topic varies. Requirements met: Humanities Breadth/Discover. (Offered on an occasional basis) Political, social, and economic issues both reflect and shape American schools. In this course, students will explore the often conflicting purposes and values that are revealed in issues such as bullying, social media, gender identity, and school athletics. Course activities may include guest speakers, personal research, collaborative projects, and technology-based presentations. Course includes a lab consisting of a school placement of 10 hours. All placements within a school require a background and criminal history check. Preference for Freshman students. Requirements met: Social Sciences Breadth/Discover and Systems of Power, Privilege, and Inequality. (Each fall and spring) Human rights and social justice scholars and activists respond to systemic, often institutionalized violence and inequality within and among nation-states. This course situates these frames within critical analyses of law, society, and culture. Students will trace the roots of human rights and social justice before observing the contexts and debates that continue to shape the practice of each, such as universalism vs relativism, the relationship between religion and states, the politics of citizenship, individuality vs society, and state sovereignty vs cosmopolitanism. This course situates these issues in specific places, exploring ways that nationstates may become more just through topics like displacement, genocide, health disparity, famine, water rights, torture, and human trafficking. Students can earn credit for Anthropology 248 or Sociology 248 but not both. Requirements met: Social Sciences Breadth/Discover, Global Diversity, and Systems of Power, Privilege, and Inequality. Cross-listed with Anthropology 248. (Alternate years) Contact the DEI Office Stoles display inclusion and diversity of Austin College graduates. Austin College will host its annual community-wide celebration of the life and achievements of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on Monday, January 15, at 11 a.m. in Ida Green Communication Center’s Sally and Jim Nation Theatre, 1201 E. Brockett St. The program is free and open to the public. On Thursday, April 27, the Austin College Pre-Law Society and student organization Black Expressions will host a panel discussion with two descendants of transformative Civil Rights and Constitutional Law Attorney William J. Durham, a Sherman resident who helped successfully desegregate higher education in the early 1950s and the State Fair of Texas in the next decade. SHERMAN, TEXAS— Austin College hosts the annual community-wide celebration of the life and achievements of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on Monday, January 16, at 11 a.m. in Ida Green Communication Center’s Sally and Jim Nation Theatre; 1201 E. Brockett St. The program is free and open to the public. Austin College is committed to equal opportunity and does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, disability, national origin, race, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, citizenship status, genetic information,status as a veteran, or any other characteristic that is protected by applicable state or federal law in its operations, employment opportunities, educational programs, and related activities. The following people have been designated to handle complaints:For all Students, Employees, and Others:Melanie Oelfke