Learn About TCU's Rich History and What Sets us Apart What makes TCU a Top 100 national university Become a Frog for the greater good where the Frog family develops, grows and connects a rich tradition of athletic competition for both men and women Teaching and promoting diversity and inclusion is key to the university’s mission
                     of creating global citizens. Diversity, equity and inclusion are a key part of TCU’s core values and a foundational
                     theme in TCU’sVision in Action: Lead Onstrategic plan. Fulfilling TCU’s mission to develop ethical leaders and critical thinkers in a global
                     community depends on our ability to attract and retain students, faculty and staff
                     from diverse backgrounds that thrive in our community. A diverse and inclusive campus
                     leads to innovation, broadened perspectives and understanding — values that are foundational
                     aspects of higher education. Today, three offices oversee DEI at TCU, offering specialized services and support.  Office of Diversity & Inclusion The Office of Diversity & Inclusion is a centralized resource that creates opportunities
                           for Horned Frogs to make meaningful connections and to interact in the spirit of building
                           an inclusive community across cultures.  Office of Institutional Equity The Office of Institutional Equity ensures all individuals on campus can engage in
                           a learning and working environment that is free from all forms of harassment and discrimination.  Student Identity & Engagement TCU Student Identity & Engagement provides support, guidance and encouragement for
                           students through cultural programming, mentoring, diversity training, the dedicated
                           Intercultural Center and more. Explore Our Progress TCU's Office of Diversity & Inclusion produces a report every two years to document
                     our progress towards fostering a more welcoming and diverse community. READ THE LATEST REPORT Winner of the HEED Award Countries represented Faiths represented First-generation students Student veterans Students of color Faculty/staff of color  Inclusive Excellence Inclusive Excellence is designed to infuse diversity and inclusion efforts into all
                              aspects of our university, ensuring that diversity and inclusion are essential to
                              the mission and success of every area of the university. Inclusive Excellence views
                              diversity, equity, and inclusion as responsibilities for every member of the TCU community.  Indigenous Peoples Initiative The Native American & Indigenous Peoples Initiative (NAIPI) seeks to honor and build
                           relationships with Native American and Indigenous Peoples at TCU and in the community.  LGBTQ+ TCU’s LGBTQ+ community of students, faculty, staff and alumni is a vibrant part of
                           university life. Discover more about the university's support programs, resource groups
                           and educational opportunities to foster inclusion.  Race & Reconciliation Initiative The Race & Reconciliation Initiative (RRI) is an academically based, historically
                           focused research initiative project to investigate and document TCU’s relationship
                           to racism and inequality and help us cultivate a more inclusive campus. The Intercultural Centeris a dedicated space that welcomes all students to be their authentic selves while
                     also appreciating and valuing others’ ability to do the same.   TheDiversity, Equity and Inclusion Awardis an annual award created to honor the challenging task of further transforming
                        our community into one that not only celebratesTCU’s missionbut also createsa world-class university building on a heritageof inclusion. The most recent recipient of the award is Instructor andNative American Nations and Communities LiaisonScott Langston, Ph.D., from the AddRan College of Liberal Arts. Several resources stand ready to assist individuals or groups of students needing
                              diversity, equity and inclusion-related support, or other issues affecting their well-being. Diversity and inclusion education is a required compliance training for all faculty
                              and staff, and has already been implemented through our training platform. TCU offers
                              ongoing DEI trainings throughout the year, including Unconscious Bias training. TCU R.I.S.E. (Responsible for Inclusion and Sustaining Excellence Certificate)is a program designed to increase our faculty and staff’s ability to navigate cultural
                              conflict and interrupt structural and systemic issues of power, privilege and oppression,
                              advance intercultural development and foster personal and institutional growth. TheTCU Alumni Association, under the leadership of theNational Alumni Board, offers a variety of ways for its members to be engaged in meaningful DEI work. As
                                 a result, an Alumni DEI Committee, open to all alumni, was established to expand its
                                 programming, and focuses on the following topics: action, advocacy, education and
                                 awareness. TheBlack Alumni Allianceprovides an avenue for black alumni to participate in the life of the university,
                                 including interaction with current students and other alumni. TheHispanic Alumni Alliancefacilitates and encourages communication and cooperation among Hispanic Alumni and
                                 TCU. TCU’sLGBT+ Alumni Allianceseeks to engage LGBT+ members and allies of the alumni community to participate in
                                 the life of the university. TCU prohibits discrimination and harassment based on age, race, color, religion, sex,
                              sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ethnic
                              origin, disability, predisposing genetic information, covered veteran status and any
                              other basis protected by law. TCU also prohibits retaliation against an individual
                              for making a good faith report under this policy. TCU is committed to providing a
                              positive learning and working environment free from discrimination and harassment. VisitTCU’s Office of Institutional Equity websitefor more information on how toreport a bias-related incident, how to make a Title IX complaint and information on our Equal Employment Opportunity
                              Policy and Affirmative Action Policy.  AboutExpand About Menu Defining DEI Diversity, Equity and Inclusion is TCU’s commitment to creating an environment where
                        students, faculty and staff thrive, and a campus community that is welcoming and respectful
                        of all. Diversityreflects a broad range of identities and perspectives: race, ethnicity, gender, gender
                        identity, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, nationality, religious beliefs,
                        age, disability status and political perspective. Greater diversity produces more
                        robust, creative, and relevant outcomes in scholarly processes, academic and social
                        programming, and community engagement. Equityis creating opportunities for equal access and success for historically underrepresented
                        populations. It requires proactive steps to address and transform the current culture. Inclusionexists when all members of a community feel welcome, respected, and valued regardless
                        of their social identities and when all experiences and cultures are validated and
                        cherished equally. Inclusion requires listening to other viewpoints and embracing differences. Feeling
                        included and connected elevates engagement and a sense of belonging for everyone on
                        campus. DEI NewsPortrait Project Pays Homage to the ThorpsOctober 18, 2024'A Community Initiative': Wendi Sierra Appointed Native American Nations and Communities LiaisonSeptember 26, 2024Winners Announced for 2024 Campus AwardsAugust 18, 2024View All News 2800 South University DriveFort Worth, Texas 76109817-257-7000 All content©2024Texas Christian University. All rights reserved.