A Special Message From President Cottrell: Texas Lutheran University’s excellence is directly tied to its diversity. We are fortunate to be a campus that encompasses a variety of backgrounds, a diverse array of perspectives, and a respect for difference. We are particularly proud to be a place that welcomes and supports first-generation college students. By design and practice, we serve and reflect our region well. The values articulated in our Commitment to Diversity Statement—equality, inclusion, social justice, freedom, and leadership through service—provide the foundation for the teaching and learning that take place at TLU every day. We also recognize that the critical work of diversity, inclusion, and equity is not easy, nor is it ever finished. The environment on our campus requires that we continually put energy toward respect, education, and communication as we celebrate the differences within our community. Our Diversity Committee, working closely with the President’s Cabinet, will continue to do important work on our campus. We anticipate focusing on opportunities associated with training and development, search processes, and assessment efforts to help inform our strategic planning process. The success of this work will require that all members of our campus community participate in these opportunities and consider individually and collectively how we will grow and advance the concept of being an inclusive campus. As the president of TLU, I am committed to furthering all of these efforts and to celebrating the diverse components that comprise our community of learning and community of faith. It is an honor to join you on our journey of excellence and diversity. With a Hispanic student population of 47 percent, TLU is a Hispanic-Serving Institution (HSI) as designated by the Department Of Education. HSIs also serve students by promoting a racially diverse student body, fostering a positive and open campus, and providing services that are specifically designed to help Hispanic students. TLU is one of 26 colleges and universities associated with theEvangelical Lutheran Church in America(ELCA), the largest Lutheran denomination in the United States. The ELCA’s policies in support for diversity as well as its social commitments to justice can be found in various documents on their “Faith and Society”portal. TLU students, faculty, and staff have a wide variety of religious identities, including no religion at all. We welcome religious diversity and the interfaith dialogues in our community and believe that it enriches our life together. We do not require a faith commitment of any kind, for any member of our community. Some self reported religious identification percentages for the total student body, fall 2024:· Catholic 18% · Baptist 10% · Lutheran 8% Chapel services on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays provide opportunities for prayer, community, and spiritual growth. These are purely voluntary and incorporate worship practices from many Christian traditions. As part of the general education curriculum, students take at least one course in theology so as to cultivate informed reflection on faith and its relation to the contemporary world. Student Demographics • Fall 2024 Overall Student Body These numbers were sourced from the TLU Registrar's Office as self reported by students as reported on their application for admission. Campus Equity partners with three Centers to collectively provide academic and cultural resources for the TLU community. LGBTQIA Plus Resources Texas Lutheran University is committed to maintaining an open, safe, and supportive environment for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer + (LGBTQ+) students, staff, faculty, alumni, and the campus community. For more information, see ourLGBTQIA Plus Resources page. First-Generation Forward Texas Lutheran University defines a first-generation college student as an individual whose parents or legal guardian have not completed a bachelor's degree but may have some college experience. First generation college students make up 43% of our student body and is a claimed identity of many of our faculty and staff, including President Cottrell and other senior leadership. We celebrate the courage, perseverance, and hard work of our first-generation college students as they write a new chapter in their families’ histories. In 2020 TLU was recognized as a First Gen Forward institution. As a member of the First Gen Forward Network, we join a national consortium of institutions focused on advancing the success of first-generation students. Involvement with First Gen Forward keeps TLU professionals informed on current research on first-generation college students and focused on how to build more inclusive experiences that emphasize students’ belonging.From the first semester to the last, we look to build community among first generation students through a variety of programs from their official pinning ceremony, mixers connecting students to faculty, staff, and a variety of campus resources, to First Gen Graduation where they receive their first gen stole. Veterans As a university close to San Antonio, dubbed Military City, USA, TLU has several students, faculty, and staff with military backgrounds who have shaped our campus. Texas Lutheran has several areas that collaborate to support our veteran and dependent student population. Our Registration & Records Office houses the VA Certification Officer. Student Affairs oversees Freedom Hall, a lounge space reserved for veterans and dependents. Our Veteran Services Assistant utilizes Freedom Hall to host programs that connect students to local resources, in addition to collaborating with campus departments to provide workshops on topics such as mental health and career development. Veterans and Society Together is an active student organization with the mission of providing a positive setting for veterans and dependents, and an outlet for non-military faculty, staff, and students to support those who have served and who are still serving. “Texas Lutheran University is dedicated to civic engagement; the action to meet the basic needs of a community. TLU graduates are empowered to collaborate for positive social change, both as local leaders and global citizens. Find out more about TLU’s work with Service Learning & Volunteering.” Counseling Services The Counseling Center at TLU recognizes the critical role that identity plays in one’s mental health and overall wellness. We know that bias and discrimination have significant consequences on marginalized communities and the individuals within them. This may impact an individual’s sense of safety, self-image, connections, and ability or willingness to receive care. We are committed to helping students navigate challenges related to mental health while honoring their identity and cultural context. We offer free and confidential services to all registered TLU students. We also connect students with free telehealth services that allow them to choose a provider who has a specialization or identity that best meets their needs. For additional information about counseling services or accommodations, please emailSarah Westerfield,LPC-Sor call 830-372-8009. TLU encourages student involvement through a wide variety of organizations, events, activities, workshops, seminars, and structured experiences that promote personal learning and growth in a student-centered environment. Discover more aboutTLU Student Engagement. Diversity Action Plan In Spring 2018, the university was one of 25 colleges and universities selected to participate in an institute sponsored by the Council of Independent Colleges (CIC) titled, "Diversity, Civility, and the Liberal Arts." Participating in the institute led TLU to develop a detailed action plan focused on the following goals: Learn More about the CIC’s Institute Read TLU's Strategic Vision For Diversity The Diversity Committee is a large committee with representation from stakeholders across campus committed to tangible actions taken every year to increase campus equity. The committee is chaired by the Associate Vice President for Campus Equity. Campus Climate Survey 2018 Executive Summary Title IXof the Education Amendments of 1972 is a federal law that prohibits sex discrimination in education. It reads: "No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance." Legal Citation: Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and its implementing regulation at 34 C.F.R. Part 106 (Title IX). Sex discrimination includes sexual harassment and sexual assault. Learn More View TLU's Civil Rights Equity Resolution Policy and Procedures for all Employees and Students Annual IGNITE Awards TheIndividual andGroups iNspiringInclusionThroughExcellence (IGNITE) Awards are designed to honor the contribution of TLU’s community in creating an atmosphere that celebrates inclusive excellence and builds a campus culture where all are welcomed. Recipients of these awards are the people whoignitethe TLU torch regarding diversity, equity, and inclusion. The IGNITE Awards Program is a partnership between The Staff Association and the Division of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Award Categories Texas Lutheran University is committed to providing a workplace and educational environment, as well as other benefits, programs, and activities, that are free from discrimination and harassment based on a protected category, and retaliation for engaging in a protected activity. To ensure compliance with federal and state civil rights laws and regulations, and to affirm its commitment to promoting the goals of fairness and equity in all aspects of the educational program or activity, the University has developed internal policies and procedures that provide a prompt, fair, and impartial process for those involved in an allegation of discrimination or harassment on the basis of protected class status, and for allegations of retaliation. The University adheres to all federal, state, and local civil rights laws and regulations prohibiting discrimination in institutions of higher education. This policy covers nondiscrimination in both employment and access to educational opportunities. Any member of the University community whose acts deny, deprive, or limit the educational, employment, or benefits, and/or opportunities of any member of the University community, guest, or visitor on the basis of that person’s actual or perceived membership in the protected classes listed above is in violation of the University policy on nondiscrimination. Dr. Steve VroomanAssociate Vice President for Campus EquityTitle IX CoordinatorEmail:svrooman@tlu.eduPhone: 830.372.8039 Leslie FloresDirector for Title IX Services and Equity ComplianceEmail:lflores@tlu.eduPhone: 830.372.6327