We use cookies and other technologies to better understand a visitor's experience and to help improve our websites. By continuing to use the website, you consent to Middlebury's use of cookies and other technologies as outlined in ourPrivacy Policy. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Middlebury promotes critical engagement, collaboration, and full participation within and across the diverse communities who work, live, and learn together at our institution. The collective efforts of our various offices, departments, programs and organizations seek to bring together teachers and scholars to explore issues related to identity and culture, to examine the impact of power and privilege, and to celebrate and affirm diverse communities through their heritage, their resistance, and their collective efforts for change. The goal of this site is to provide institutional resources for the students, staff, and faculty in our greater Middlebury community. Our community-wide goals support institutional diversity, equity, and inclusion through engagement, education, collaboration, and transformation. Increasing opportunities for engagement and inclusion, community building, and support for individuals to succeed. Supporting a community that strengthens connections between academic, extracurricular, and personal opportunities. Developing awareness and skills to increase access, equity, inclusion, and full participation for members of the campus community. Started in fall 2019, faculty and staff are invited to participate in this continuing education and development program.See upcoming events are below. VisitInclusive Practitioners Programfor a full listing and tosign up. Understanding and Reducing Barriers for First-Generation StudentsThis 60-minute workshop explores strategies that faculty and staff can use to reduce those barriers and their impact. 11:00-12:00 p.m. in Lib 105B Who’s in the Room: Managing Power and Privilege DynamicsThis 90-minute workshop explores how power and privilege can manifest in interpersonal dynamics, and how an awareness of the way certain behavior impacts others can promote greater equity, inclusion, access, and participation. 10:15-11:45 a.m. in Axinn 219 Increasing Access and Assessing Learning: Crowdsourced Notes in the ClassroomThis 60-minute workshop explores the benefits of using crowdsourced notes in the classroom and ways to manage that process logistically. 3:00-4:00 p.m. in Axinn 229 Unpacking What’s Happening: Challenging Toxic Call-Out CultureThis 60-minute workshop explores the dynamics of call-out (or cancel) culture and how to help students reflect on those dynamics and reframe their engagement with others in ways that promote learning and growth while centering social justice. 10:15-11:15 in Axinn 229 “How can I get funded?” We often hear this from students. Many know that there is money out there to help fund internships, fellowships, conferences, emergencies, and more, but don’t know where to start looking. TheseStudent Access and Support grantsare a good place to start. Students with questions about available funding options and how to apply can contact Elaine Orozco Hammondehammond@middlebury.edu, Director ofEquity Initiatives. Use this form to report bias incidents on campus or in the local community. Learn more about Middlebury's reporting process. Join colleagues for these important workshops. The Office of Institutional Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (OIDEI) serves as a hub for education, support services, advocacy and accountability related to diversity, equity and inclusion at Middlebury. Naomi FlintAssistant, Office of Institutional Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion(802) 443-5771nflint@middlebury.edu Help shape Middlebury's future.