With over 7,000 undergraduate students from more than 70 countries and over 111,000 alumni worldwide, William & Mary is more than a university, it’s a proud, close-knit community. Walk across campus and you'll see a love of tradition, a love of learning and a never-ending exchange of ideas and passions.   From Opening Convocation to the mid-year Yule Log ceremony to the ringing of the Wren Bell by graduating students, these are just of few of the many traditions that bringour community together throughout the year to celebrate our shared love for this remarkable place. From Opening Convocation to the mid-year Yule Log ceremony to the ringing of the Wren Bell by graduating students, these are just of few of the many traditions that bringour community together throughout the year to celebrate our shared love for this remarkable place. W&M is committed to creating a welcoming and caring community that supports diverse perspectives. We are embracing initiatives and programs that build unity, raise awareness, offer vital resources and set us on a path toward a more just future. W&M is committed to creating a welcoming and caring community that supports diverse perspectives. We are embracing initiatives and programs that build unity, raise awareness, offer vital resources and set us on a path toward a more just future. “I chose William & Mary because I wanted an experience where I could get a world-class education while still feeling like part of a small, tight-knight community. Constantly bumping into friends I love is just as important to me as a professional/career development opportunities. This historic school is a place where I can get an abundance of both!” — Madalene Goeller ’25, marketing major from Newport News, VA The Art & Hatsuye Ball celebrates the Asian Pacific Islander Community at William & Mary. The ball includes performances from student groups, exhibits of student art, live music and so much more. Community Values & Connectionpromotes a safe,inclusiveand supportive environment for the whole William & Mary community through accountability and resources. SAS coordinates andfacilitatesthe resources and modifications students need to find academic and personal success at the university.Whether the barrier limits physical accessibility, academic success or financial resources,the university’scommitment to equityensuresthateveryW&Mstudenthas an equal opportunity to flourish and thrive here. Follow W&M on Social Media: Williamsburg, Virginia