▼ ▼ ▼ ▼ ▼ At the heart of EMU’s mission––as an academic institution rooted in the Anabaptist-Mennonite
                     tradition–– lies our commitment to academic excellence, peace and justice, active
                     faith, and the transformational power of community. The DEI team at EMU is driven by the vision to co-create a community of learners where
                     everyone feels connected, accepted, valued, and respected. At EMU, we know that removing
                     barriers and opening new pathways and achievements for ALL requires the constructive
                     disruption of current norms, policies, and power structures, which must go hand in
                     hand with building relationships across differences. In this journey, we take time
                     to vibe together by celebrating milestones and successes. We are forging a path toward a more inclusive and equitable campus experience. Come join our EMU community, a place where you belong, you matter, and you are seen! Shannon W. Dycus Vice Presidentfor Student Affairs, Equity and Belonging Please click "Learn More" to view the video. Your generosity to the DEI fund will support our students to have the opportunity
                        to thrive in a community of learners where they feel connected, accepted, valued and
                        respected.Join uson our transformative journey where every donation, big or small, becomes a catalyst
                        for positive impact in shaping our future of belonging.  We provide resources to support diversity, equity and inclusion for students, faculty
                                    and staff We provide grants for students, faculty and staff for DEI initiatives on campus and
                                    in our community. We support programming and events at EMU related to diversity, equity and inclusion We advise EMU on equitable policies and procedures Shannon Dycus,most recently co-pastor of First Mennonite Church in Indianapolis, Indiana, brings
                                    experience in the pastorate, higher education and K-12 education. The Vice President
                                    is the senior student affairs representative at EMU, responsible for the co-curricular
                                    aspects of learning and living on campus for all students. Student Affairs includes
                                    the student life, athletics, and DEI teams that work collaboratively towards student
                                    success and belonging. Dawn Neil serves as the coordinator for diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) and
                                 works directly with Jackie Font-Guzmán to further change at EMU.Dawn strives to continue to learn and grow and be an advocate for change. She sees
                                 her role as supporting and strengthening advocacy for change. She is a first-generation
                                 graduate. She received her BS in Communication at Bridgewater College and her MA in
                                 Organizational Leadership at Eastern Mennonite University. Dawn Neil serves as the coordinator for diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) and
                                 works directly with Jackie Font-Guzmán to further change at EMU.Dawn strives to continue to learn and grow and be an advocate for change. She sees
                                 her role as supporting and strengthening advocacy for change. She is a first-generation
                                 graduate. She received her BS in Communication at Bridgewater College and her MA in
                                 Organizational Leadership at Eastern Mennonite University. We use cookies to analyze traffic and improve your experience. By continuing without
               changing your cookie settings, you agree to this convention. For more information,
               please see ourPrivacy Notice Policy.