In This Section Home»About»Commitment to DEIB Hollins is a campus that embraces diversity, values inclusivity, and encourages conversations and actions to bring our community closer together while fostering a deeper cultural understanding of experiences outside of our own. Our goal is for every student to feel welcomed, valued, and safe to express their truest selves while on campus and beyond. For us, diversity, equity, and inclusion are more than words. They’re a commitment to keep moving forward, learning, and making progress. Here are some of the steps we’ve taken to support our community: President, Hollins University “We must be accountable for equity regardless of what is happening in the world around us.” Cultural & Community Engagement (CCE) aims to create a campus experience as rich and diverse as the world around us. Dive deeper into our initiatives and efforts to fully integrate diversity and inclusion into ever aspect of how we operate at Hollins, including update reports from every year since 2020. Engagement with these important issues does not start and end on the Hollins campus! View a sampling of just some of the many organizations and change agents active in the Roanoke Valley. Hollins Business and Economics Majors Attend Diverse Economics Conference Ten Hollins University business and economics majors traveled to Richm… Hollins Welcomes Celebrated Interfaith America Leader Eboo Patel to Address… A civic leader who believes religious diversity is a vital and stimula… Hollins Receives Grant to Explore Two-Year College Model Dedicated to Low-I… Hollins University has been awarded a grant from the Come to Believe (… Hollins Launches HOPE Program Nationwide to Ensure Talented Young Women Can… Hollins University is launching a new initiative that will enable acad… Hollins, Simple Gifts Fund Partner to Bolster Education Pipeline for North … For the past several years, Hollins University has been privileged to … With “A Marriage Between Everything I Learned in Both My Majors,” Kayla… Kayla Richardson ’24 believes that the two majors she quickly declar… With The Hollins Living History Project, China Moore '24 Seeks to Help “R… Travel on Plantation Road in Roanoke County toward the Hollins Univers… Joining Soul with Role: President Hinton Shares the Power and Potential of … As she took to the podium in Hollins’ duPont Chapel before an audien… Hollins to Host Ignite Your Purpose Conference for Middle and High School G… Hollins University and The Humble Hustle Company are welcoming middle … Hollins Explores “The Heart of Social Justice” at Leading EDJ Conferenc… One of the nation’s  trailblazers in championing learning access and… Hollins President's New Book “Remakes Our Vision of What College Can and … In her powerful new book, Hollins University President Mary Dana Hinto… Hollins Honors Martin Luther King Jr. as America's Moral Conscience Over the course of what President Mary Dana Hinton described as “a d… Julie “Jay” Garcia '26's Law Career Aspirations Get Boost from LSAC PLU… When they first enrolled at Hollins, Julie “Jay” Garcia ’26 plan… Hollins Applauds Library's Expansion as a Resource and Learning Hub Hollins University’s Wyndham Robertson Library (WRL) welcomed studen… Ajaya Green '23 Embraces a Mission to Ensure Legal Justice for Marginalized… “In the American criminal justice system, wealth – not culpability… What HOPE Means for Hollins University – Admission & Recruitment "Hollins is a place that's not just a school for four years, but a pla… Third Annual Leading EDJ Conference Continues the Work in Building “A Mor… Hollins University President Mary Dana Hinton urged students, faculty,… Hollins Presents Leading EDJ Conference, February 23 & 24 The artist celebrated for her pioneering role in the Marvel Cinematic … First-Year Students Attend Virginia Law Audit Project Announcement Hollins University students Elizabeth Barker ’26 and Jay Garcia ’2… “The Audacity of a Leader”: Hollins Honors the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther K… Members of the Hollins community embraced the theme of “Community, J… Hollins to Host AAC&U Truth, Racial Healing, and Transformation Campus Cent… Hollins University is among the host institutions announced by the Ame… Case Studies Showcase Sophomore's Interest in Researching Cultural Heritage In the introduction to their book Indigenous Peoples’ Cultural … AAC&U President Visits Hollins to Stress the Enduring Power of the Liberal … In 2020, the American Association of Colleges and Universities (AAC&am… Hollins, Jed Foundation Announce Collaboration to Enhance Campus Mental Hea… Hollins is partnering with a national, nonprofit organization that foc… Hollins Receives State Department IDEAS Grant to Fund Diversity, Equity, an… Hollins University is one of 44 colleges and universities across the U… “It Isn't Enough to Say, ‘I Want to Create Change.' I Want to be a Lead… Black Student Alliance President. Student-Athlete. Student Success Lea… Hollins Community Embraces “Equity, Accessibility, and Identity” at 202… Hollins students, faculty, staff, alumnae/i, and board of trustee memb… “Equity, Accessibility, Identity” Theme of 2022 Leading EDJ Con… Working toward a more equitable and just campus community, Hollins Uni… MLK Day Address Spotlights the “Ecosystem of Activism” and the Women Wh… The Rev. Dr. Chelsea Brooke Yarborough believes that any celebration o… “What Hope Means”: President Hinton Shares What Hope Personally… In October, Hollins University announced a new scholarship opportunity… “It's All About Finding Their Place of Belonging”: By Sharing Her Own E… Carlia Kearney ’23 wasn’t part of Hollins’ FLI program for first… A Passion for Activism: Summer Allison '23 Makes a Difference on Campus as … As a high school senior in Texas, Summer Allison ’23 produced a pape… New Scholarship Program Fully Covers Tuition Costs for Young Women Locally … Hollins University is launching a new scholarship initiative that prio… Hollins Receives CIC Grant to Support “Partners in Purpose” Pro… Hollins University is welcoming a $10,000 Network for Vocation in Unde… Hollins Alumnae Share in Winning Innovation in Diversity Award for Black + … A partnership led by five Virginia higher education institutions, incl… Hollins Names Nakeshia N. Williams, Ph.D., as the University's Vice Preside… Hollins University has announced the appointment of Nakeshia N. Willia… Te'ya Mitchell '21 Earns Urban Teachers Fellowship, Will Uphold Their Missi… Throughout her time as a Hollins undergraduate, Te’ya Mitchell ’21… English and Creative Writing Professor's Artistic Journey Brings “Voi… When Professor of English and Creative Writing T.J. Anderson III is as… Hollins Sociologist Explores How Black Mothers Talk to Their Children About… “I’m scared for you. I love you. I’m going to teach you how to b… Hollins Celebrates The Life And Legacy Of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. In commemoration of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, members of the Ho… Hollins Joins in Partnership to Advance Racial Equity in Higher Education Hollins University is among the inaugural 55 liberal arts colleges and… “One Small Step on that Journey of Transformation”: Hollins Holds Its I… More than 550 students, faculty, staff, alumnae/i, and trustees joined… New University Chaplain Is Finding Creative Ways To Offer Religious And Spi… With the COVID-19 pandemic, a shaky economy, and an impending election… Hollins To Hold Inaugural “Leading Equity, Diversity, and Justice Day… Hollins President Mary Dana Hinton has announced that the university's… President Hinton Engages in Dialogue With Michelle Alexander, Bestselling A… Acclaimed author, civil rights lawyer, and legal advocate Michelle Ale… President Hinton's Statement On ICE Guidelines Affecting International Stud… Earlier this week, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) announced… “All Of Us Must Do The Work. All Of Us Must Begin Now.”: Presid… President-elect Mary Dana Hinton shared the following message with Hol… Film Major's LGBT Short Is a YouTube Sensation A Hollins University student filmmaker is generating impressive online… GWS Major to Help Further Awareness, Deliver Resources to Stop Intimate Par… Intimate Partner Violence (IPV) is a worldwide health problem whose pr… Hollins Hosts Universities Studying Slavery Spring Meeting To further explore the historical role of slavery at their institution… Student Brings Advocacy to Va. Board for People with Disabilities For some time, Alexus Smith ’19 has sought to foster greater awarene… President Lawrence's Statement on Charlottesville Hollins President Pareena Lawrence shared the following message today … Hollins Honors the University's Founder and Sustainers Hollins commemorated Founder’s Day and the university’s 175th anni… Gray Leads Forum on College Presidents' Role in Promoting Campus Inclusivit… With a focus on shaping a welcoming, inclusive campus culture, Hollins… Hollins Appoints Special Advisor on Inclusivity and Diversity Hollins University has named Idella Goodson Glenn as Special Advisor o… Hollins Professor Part of “Women Influencing the Arts” Celebrat… LeeRay Costa, John P. Wheeler Professor of Anthropology and Gender and… JCRC Commends Hollins University for Reaction to Swastika Discovery The Jewish Community Federation of Richmond is applauding&nb… A Long-Standing Dedication to Diversity and Inclusivity Hollins has long been committed to fostering a campus community that e… Hollins' “Love Not Hate” Event Garners Extensive Media Coverage On Monday, March 28, members of the Hollins community gathered on Fron… 7916 Williamson RoadRoanoke, VA 24020800-456-9595540-362-6000huadm@hollins.edu