We are a community enriched by a variety of experiences and perspectives of our students, faculty, staff, and alumni. This diversity enhances our learning and helps prepare our students for a successful and purposeful life. Our commitment is to work to create a culture of belonging – supporting and celebrating each other. In doing so, we grow as an institution and as individuals.   Our on-campus hub for students for an inclusive and affirming community is in the Student Engagement Center That’s where you’ll get connected with affinity groups and students working to improve inclusion and students working to improve inclusion and social justice at RMC and beyond. It’s where you will find resources that help all members of our community create the inclusive space we aspire to be! Explore other pages: In October 2020, President Lindgren appointed 26 members of the broader RMC community to the Racial Equity and Opportunity Commission (REOC). The group spent more than a year developing strategic recommendations to answer the President’s charge: to reflect on the College’s history and identify ways that Randolph-Macon can be a more welcoming place that provides greater opportunities to historically underrepresented students. We recognize there is still much work to be done, but we are proud of the steps we have already taken toward a more inclusive and diverse campus. The new Black, Biracial, and Latina Initiative for Student Success program is setting out to ensure that women from historically underrepresented communities are finding connections and thriving on campus. Hinton, author of the memoir “The Sun Does Shine: How I Found Life and Freedom on Death Row,” shared the story of his wrongful conviction. The Randolph-Macon College community is mourning the loss of Haywood A. “HAP” Payne ’68, who died on Feb. 2, 2023…  Special Asst. to President for Diversity & Opportunity Phone:(804) 752-8889Email:CarterWalton@rmc.edu Randolph-Macon College114 College AvenueAshland, VA 23005-5505 Main:(804) 752-7200Admissions:(804) 752-7305