Gonzaga’s Jesuit, Catholic, Humanistic education will challenge and inspire you. Gonzaga offers 16 undergraduate degrees through 53 majors, 68 minors and 73 concentrations, 23 master’s degrees and 5 doctoral-level degrees. All the how-to's and why-you-should's for becoming a Zag. The Division of Student Affairs is committed to creating an academically rich environment and fostering a strong sense of community. The Gonzaga spirit, blended with hard work and dedication in athletic endeavors, yields success both on the field of play and in the classroom.  Register to visit campus or connect with us virtually Experience Gonzaga See why U.S. News & World Report recognized Gonzaga among the best universities in the nation A Top 100 National University Read more about this exciting new era for Gonzaga and the Pac-12 Conference Zags to Join Pac-12 Register to visit campus or connect with us virtually See why U.S. News & World Report recognized Gonzaga among the best universities in the nation Read more about this exciting new era for Gonzaga and the Pac-12 Conference At Gonzaga, you'll connect your passion with a purpose. With the increasing intensity surrounding election season, Gonzaga turns to campus leaders and Ignatian values for tips to manage stress. The grants support regional partnerships to build resilience to climate events like extreme heat and wildfire smoke in the Inland Northwest. Gonzaga received the 2024 HEED Award from Insight Into Diversity magazine for its outstanding commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion across campus. Curious about Gonzaga? You'll find an exemplary learning community that educates students for lives of leadership and service for the common good. On April 22, 2024, Dr. Thayne M. McCulloh announced that he will retire in summer 2025 following 16 years of leadership as president. Gonzaga is now seeking an exceptional individual to lead this exemplary University – someone who is an accomplished, energetic institutional leader and charismatic fundraiser, preferably with vast experience in a higher education setting similar to Gonzaga.This truly is an opportunity – and community – like none other. Student-to-Faculty Ratio of students graduate in six years or less (national average is 64%) Average class size Graduates employed or pursuing higher degrees  (2018) See the impact that current and past Zags are making on the world.