Gonzaga’s Jesuit, Catholic, Humanistic education will challenge and inspire you. Gonzaga offers 16 undergraduate degrees through 53 majors, 68 minors and 73 concentrations, 23 master’s degrees and 5 doctoral-level degrees. All the how-to's and why-you-should's for becoming a Zag. The Division of Student Affairs is committed to creating an academically rich environment and fostering a strong sense of community. The Gonzaga spirit, blended with hard work and dedication in athletic endeavors, yields success both on the field of play and in the classroom.  Diversity affirms our faith-inspired commitment to an inclusive community where human differences thrive within our living, working and learning environment. Our office sets very intentional goals to help us become an inclusive, empathetic, and empowering multicultural institution. We envision a community where human difference is affirmed and integrated into the intellectual, personal, and professional development of all students. The Gonzaga Center for the Study of Hate works for the realization of a global society committed to human flourishing and the common good. Our focus is to develop and sustain Gonzaga as a safe and welcoming community for people of all sexual orientations, gender identities and expressions. Working to create a university community that integrates and values multiple perspectives and cultural narratives. Committed to providing a safe, inclusive, and supportive living experience for students living in all residential facilities. Providing students, scholars, and community leaders with opportunities to explore and address issues relating to civil rights and civil liberties, social and criminal justice, public interest law, immigration, Indian law, and international human rights. Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity in the Arts & Sciences is a diverse group of academic professionals dedicated to diversity and inclusiveness for students, faculty, staff, and supporters. The Mission Statement and Statement of Affirmation express Gonzaga's unique identity as an exemplary university rooted in our Jesuit, Catholic, humanistic tradition. Gonzaga University is proud to announce it's been named a recipient of the 2024 Higher Education... From its origins as a student-run club to becoming the first Jesuit university resource center of... Joan Iva C. Fawcett, our Dean for Social Justice Leadership & Community Empowerment writes a... So much to learn. So many ways to make a difference.