Founded in 1888, University of Puget Sound is an independent, residential, and predominantly undergraduate liberal arts college. Part of a Puget Sound education is the opportunity for a wide variety of experiential learning options, including internships, studying abroad, and more. Create your own path and pursue a life of purpose and impact. Learn about our weeklong orientation program that immerses you in campus and the community while preparing you to tackle your academic studies. Always a Logger! Just because you're not still living on campus and visiting the Cellar for pizza doesn't mean you have to be disconnected from what's happening on campus! Search Founded in 1888, University of Puget Sound is an independent, residential, and predominantly undergraduate liberal arts college. Part of a Puget Sound education is the opportunity for a wide variety of experiential learning options, including internships, studying abroad, and more. Create your own path and pursue a life of purpose and impact. Learn about our weeklong orientation program that immerses you in campus and the community while preparing you to tackle your academic studies. Always a Logger! Just because you're not still living on campus and visiting the Cellar for pizza doesn't mean you have to be disconnected from what's happening on campus! We live in a beautifully complex, multicultural world. At Puget Sound, we celebrate our diversity and are committed to equity as an essential foundation for a broad and stimulating liberal arts and sciences education. We stand against discrimination in all its forms. We also acknowledge that change takes time and affirm our commitment to the long-term work of continually becoming an institution where students of all backgrounds and identities feel welcome. We are a campus community that values the intrinsic worth of its members, recognizes our shared qualities, and embraces our differences. We make appreciation of all persons a key characteristic of this community, foster a spirit of openness and active engagement, and strive to be diverse and inclusive in every aspect of campus life. In doing so, we ensure a full educational opportunity for all who teach and learn at University of Puget Sound. We believe that reflective, thoughtful, and respectful examination of the differing dimensions of diversity educates and empowers all who work and study here to be advocates for inclusion and equity. All members of this community share in cultivating, sustaining, and continuously developing an environment in which equity is intentionally sought and inclusiveness is practiced. The University of Puget Sound is a powerful example of a community enriched by diversity in all its forms, and the challenges and rewards that come with diverse representation, thought, and expression. Diversity includes attention to identity characteristics such as age, disability, sex, race, ethnicity, religion/spiritual tradition, gender identity and expression, sexual identity, veteran status, job status or socioeconomic class, nation of origin, language spoken, documentation status, personal appearance, and political beliefs. Diversity also includes attention to processes such as design of the curriculum, admissions policies and practices, hiring and retention practices, assessment of performance, budgeting, and any other day-to-day business decisions made within the institution.   Actions speak louder than words. Guided by our vision of a more inclusive and equitable campus, we have invested in programs and initiatives to make that vision a reality. In 2021, the Board of Trustees hired Lorna Hernandez Jarvis, Ph.D. as our inaugural vice president for institutional equity and diversity following a rigorous national search. A trained cognitive psychologist with an extensive background in group dialogue and diversity work in higher education, Hernandez Jarvis will lead Puget Sound’s work to imagine, create, and extend an environment of broad inclusion, fostering a more equitable and just environment for all.   For two decades, the Race and Pedagogy Institute has worked to educate teachers and students in both K-12 and higher education to think critically about race and work to eliminate systemic racism. In addition to regular campus-wide events, the Race and Pedagogy National Conference hosts more than 2,000 community participants on campus for in-depth discussions about the impact of race on education every four years. Puget Sound aims to develop critical thinking in students and make them active participants in creating a more inclusive and equitable world. To foster that growth and introspection, we require students to fulfill the Knowledge, Identity, and Power (KNOW) requirement to graduate. Courses in Knowledge, Identity, and Power help students develop an understanding of how the power dynamics and diverse identities and experiences shape our society. Every year, we ask our campus community to share anonymous feedback about Puget Sound’s overall climate, perceptions around our commitments to diversity and equity, and experiences of discrimination and harassment. Data from past surveys has helped us increase diversity in faculty hiring; create and expand all-gender bathrooms on campus; implement staff diversity, equity, and inclusion training; and invest in college access programs for underrepresented groups. 1500 N. Warner St., Tacoma, WA 98416 © 2024 University of Puget Sound