At the University of Washington, diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging are integral to excellence. We value and honor diverse identities, experiences, and perspectives, strive to create accessible, welcoming, and respectful learning environments, and promote access, opportunity, and justice for all. At the University of Washington, diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging are integral to excellence. We value and honor diverse identities, experiences, and perspectives, strive to create accessible, welcoming, and respectful learning environments, and promote access, opportunity, and justice for all. The University of Washington’s Latin American and Caribbean Studies program in the Jackson School of International Studies advances scholarship and applied knowledge about Latin America and the Caribbean.  The program is built around several region-specific themes and principles. These include the creative arts, borderlands, health and human rights, indigeneity, race and ethnicity. Learn More Students, faculty and staff across our three campuses are working hard to advance the values of diversity, equity and inclusion at the UW. This site features some of the stories about our community members who are making a difference. Read the Blog The Blueprint presents the framework that guides the University of Washington towards its goals of diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging. The academic and administrative units are expected to align their DEI plans with the Blueprint. Read the Blueprint Rickey Hall is the vice president for Minority Affairs & Diversity and university diversity officer at the University of Washington. Diversity Leadership Access diversity resources for alumni, administrators, students, faculty, and staff. Learn More The study of diversity fosters an understanding of cultural traditions, histories and influences. Learn More Students, faculty and staff strive to improve the well-being of our communities. Learn More Through research, UW faculty demonstrates that diversity leads to innovation and innovation leads to discovery. Learn More Explore diversity resources specific to the UW Bothell campus. Explore Bothell Explore diversity resources specific to the UW Tacoma campus. Explore Tacoma Access information on the rescission of the DACA program. Learn More © 2024 University of Washington  |  Seattle, WA