Follow Lawrence University'sCOVID-19 response. Lawrence does not discriminate in its employment practices or in its educational programs or activities on the basis of sex or any other protected class listed in our Title IX Policy. Lawrence also prohibits retaliation against any person opposing discrimination or participating in any internal or external discrimination investigation or complaint process. Reports of misconduct, questions regarding Title IX, and concerns about noncompliance should be directed to the Title IX Coordinator. For a complete copy of the Policy or for more information, please contact the Title IX Coordinator at our website,https://www.lawrence.edu/ideas/equity-title-ixor address any complaints to the Assistant Secretary of Education within the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights (OCR). The Office of Equity & Title IX helps to ensure Lawrence University complies with applicable laws and policies regarding discrimination on the basis ofgender identity, gender expression, sex, sex characteristics, sexual orientation, and sex stereotypes.  The Director of Equity and Title IX Coordinator is Robert Babcock, Ed. D., PHR, and can be reached atrobert.babcock@lawrence.eduor 920-832-7496. The Office of Equity & Title IX administers the University’sTitle IX Policy. The office also conducts presentations and training on these topics. Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 is a federal law that prohibits sex discrimination. It reads in part: "No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal Financial assistance." Legal Citation: Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and its implementing regulation at 34 C.F.R. Part 106 (Title IX) Sex discrimination includes sexual discrimination, sex-based harassment and sexual misconduct. This Office administers the University’s Title IX Policy. Lawrence University's Title IX Policy is centered around providing safety and security for students, faculty, and staff, protecting members of any gender identity, gender expression, sex, sex characteristics, sexual orientation, and sex stereotypes,. You canread the Lawrence Title IX policy. Anyone may report an instance of protected class discrimination/harassment and/or sexual misconduct. Some members of our LU community, such as our mandated reporters, responsible employees, and campus security authorities are expected to report. Areportnotifies the Title IX Coordinator of sexual misconduct and triggers a reach-out to any impacted party (also known as a survivor, victim, or complainant). Reports may be used to begin a conversation about available resources, connect individuals to appropriate support services, identify trends, enhance campus safety, and address needs.  Complainants may also request specific actions, such as supportive measures, discussing informal resolutions or starting an investigation.  Complainants may also choose to do nothing further with a report. In extreme cases in which the Title IX coordinator believes there is a larger threat to the community, the processes may proceed without the formal request by a complainant. Complaints of discrimination/harassment of an individual's gender identity, gender expression, sex, sex characteristics, sexual orientation, and sex stereotypes, may be investigated internally or externally or settled by alternative resolution; complaints of sexual assault (non-consensual sexual contact or intercourse) are investigated by an external investigator contracted by the university. What/Who are mandated reporters? Known as Responsible Employees under Title IX, mandated reportersmust report sexual harassment to the Title IX Coordinator. Mandated reporters include faculty, administrators (deans), coaches, residence hall directors and CAs, campus safety officers, human resources personnel, and any staff who supervise students or employees. What are confidential resources? Confidential resources are people who are not required to report misconduct. These resources for Lawrence are counselors, health care providers, ministers, sexual assault crisis centers, and our campus advocate. Anyone who has experienced sexual assault is encouraged to speak with one of these resources as soon as possible. Lawrence University uses outside investigators to minimize conflicts of interest and bias. Before retaining any investigator, the University verifies that the investigator has been trained in accordance with 34 C.F.R. 106.45(b)(1)(iii). Title IX regulations require institutions to train all employees regarding sex discrimination and sex-based harassment.  Additionally, individuals involved with administering the resolution and grievance process must also be trained to fulfill their role appropriately. Lawrence University, in accordance with the regulations, will make available upon request for inspection by members of the public regardless of whether a recipient maintains a website.  All employees are required to be trained on Title IX regulations, including definitions and reporting, on an annual basis. US Department of Education Office of Civil Rights Webinar on Title IX Regulations Addressing Sexual Harassment. US Department of Education Office of Civil Rights Training: An Introduction to Federal Civil Rights Protections in Education. US Department of Education Office of Civil Rights Webinar on Due Process Protections under the New Title IX Regulations US Department of Education Office of Civil Rights Training on Conducting and Adjudicating Title IX Hearings: An Office of Civil Rights Training Webinar US Department of Education Office of Civil Rights Training on The First Amendment and Title IX: An Office for Civil Rights Short Webinar US Department of Education Office of Civil Rights Training on OCR Short Webinar on How to Report Sexual Harassment under Title IX Anyone can file a complaint with theUnited States Department of Education, Office of Civil Rights (OCR).To learn more, visit: Report a Title IX violation either as someone who has experienced sexual misconduct or on behalf of any Lawrence University community member. Please be aware reports will be shared with the Title IX Coordinator, but information will be kept private. If you witness or are the victim of a bias incident, please report it. If you submit your name to request a supportive meeting, you will be contacted to discuss the incident further to help determine the next action to be taken. Please call for hours. I.D.E.A.S. office is in theWilson House. Office of Diversity, Equity, & InclusionLocation:Wilson House – 706 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-6744Email:IDEAS@lawrence.eduHours: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Office of Equity & Title IXLocation:Memorial Hall (Rm. 100) – 615 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-7496Email:titleix@lawrence.eduHours: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Diversity & Intercultural CenterLocation:Memorial Hall (Rm. 112) – 615 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-7051Email:diversitycenter@lawrence.eduHours: Daily, 9 a.m. – midnight Gender & Sexual DiversityLocation:Memorial Hall (Rm. 006) - 615 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-7494Email:Gender & Sexual DiversityHours: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Office of Accessibility ServicesLocation:Seeley G. Mudd Library (Rm. 234) – 113 South Lawe Street, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-6672Email:accessibility@lawrence.eduFax: (920) 993-6368 Sustainable LawrenceLocation:Wilson House – 706 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-7236Email:Sustainable Lawrence If you are experiencing difficulty accessing information on this site due to a disability, or if you have questions or concerns regarding the accessibility of content on this site, please tell us about the issue so we can assist.