Follow Lawrence University'sCOVID-19 response. Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Anti-racism, and Support Services The Lawrence University community is working to create an environment that welcomes the world to contribute to and benefit from the liberal arts education we provide. We aspire to be a diverse and inclusive community, stemming from the very founding of our institution. Lawrence University’smission statementaffirms that we are “committed to the development of intellect and talent, the pursuit of knowledge and understanding, the cultivation of sound judgment and respect for the perspectives of others.” Diversity is central to this commitment, and to the objective of preparing all Lawrentians for lives of engaged citizenship in our global society. The I.D.E.A.S. Division at Lawrence University facilitates the institutional mission of the development of intellect and talent, the pursuit of knowledge and understanding, the cultivation of sound judgment, and respect for the perspectives of others in several critical ways. Specifically, it provides information, policies, and programs that enable the prevention and redress of discrimination, as well as, the promotion of intergroup collaboration, empathy, and cultural competence on the part of students, faculty, staff, alumni, and community partners. Ultimately, the office works to create an environment in which all of the University community can reach their unique potential. Our vision is to become a national leader in achieving inclusive excellence within the context of a liberal education. The Office of the Vice President oversees: Office of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion; Diversity & Intercultural Center; Pride Center; Office of Accessibility Services; Office of Sustainability; as well as, promotes intergroup, collaboration, cultural competence and assists with the University’s objective in preparing all Lawrentians to be engaged global citizens. The Office of the Vice President is also the administrative liaison to the LawrencePosseprogram. The Diversity and Intercultural Center (D&IC) provides a space and programming to ensure a welcoming and inclusive environment for all students, specifically students from diverse backgrounds, to be able to thrive personally, socially, and academically at Lawrence University. The Gender and Sexual Diversity area exists to create community and serve the needs of LGBTQ+ students, faculty, staff, Lawrence community members, and their allies by providing high-quality support services that contribute to the academic and personal growth of community members and allies, and to offer a safe, supportive, and welcoming environment. The Office of Accessibility Services is committed to ensuring equal access to the university and its academic and campus opportunities for students with disabilities by partnering with you to determine and provide accommodations when academic and campus barriers exist. From the water we drink and the food we eat, to how we use energy, transportation and more, Lawrence is committed to reinforcing a culture of sustainability. Our campus is a learning laboratory where our residential campus, green initiatives and coursework can integrate to champion sustainability at Lawrence and beyond. Report a Title IX violation either as someone who has experienced sexual misconduct or on behalf of any Lawrence University community member. Please be aware reports will be shared with the Title IX Coordinator, but information will be kept private. If you witness or are the victim of a bias incident, please report it. If you submit your name to request a supportive meeting, you will be contacted to discuss the incident further to help determine the next action to be taken. Please call for hours. I.D.E.A.S. office is in theWilson House. Office of Diversity, Equity, & InclusionLocation:Wilson House – 706 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-6744Email:IDEAS@lawrence.eduHours: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Office of Equity & Title IXLocation:Memorial Hall (Rm. 100) – 615 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-7496Email:titleix@lawrence.eduHours: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Diversity & Intercultural CenterLocation:Memorial Hall (Rm. 112) – 615 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-7051Email:diversitycenter@lawrence.eduHours: Daily, 9 a.m. – midnight Gender & Sexual DiversityLocation:Memorial Hall (Rm. 006) - 615 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-7494Email:Gender & Sexual DiversityHours: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Office of Accessibility ServicesLocation:Seeley G. Mudd Library (Rm. 234) – 113 South Lawe Street, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-6672Email:accessibility@lawrence.eduFax: (920) 993-6368 Sustainable LawrenceLocation:Wilson House – 706 East College Avenue, Appleton, WI 54911Phone: (920) 832-7236Email:Sustainable Lawrence If you are experiencing difficulty accessing information on this site due to a disability, or if you have questions or concerns regarding the accessibility of content on this site, please tell us about the issue so we can assist.