Follow Lawrence University'sCOVID-19 response. Lawrence University is the recipient a 2024 Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award fromInsight Into Diversitymagazine, the oldest and largest diversity-focused publication in higher education. The honor celebrates Lawrence’s commitment to fostering an inclusive environment that enhances the recruitment and retention of students and employees from diverse backgrounds. This is Lawrence’s second time receiving the award. The university will be featured, along with 113 other recipients, in the November/December 2024 issue ofInsight Into Diversity. “It’s an honor to be recognized for our work in support of diversity, equity, inclusion, access, and belonging,” said Alison Scott-Williams,executive vice president and chief operating officer.“As we continue this work, we fuse these ideals throughout the very fabric of the university and continue to prioritize diversity and inclusion as we shape the future of Lawrence University.” The HEED Award recognizes U.S. colleges and universities that demonstrate an exceptional commitment to diversity. Lawrence was selected based on progress in recruitment and retention of students, faculty, and staff across all backgrounds, including those from historically underrepresented communities. Those efforts have included peer-to-peer mentoring programs for first-generation students, a revamped first-year experience, and the establishment of a retention task force aimed at identifying and addressing underrepresented students’ specific challenges. Lawrence also has bolstered efforts to recruit diverse faculty and staff, including building diverse faculty hiring initiatives into the university’s strategic plan. Affinity group offerings among faculty and staff now include Employees of Color, LGBTQ+, International, Young Professionals, Womxn, and First Generation. These affinity groups help foster a sense of belonging and mattering on campus, supporting personal and professional development, and enhancing cultural understanding and awareness. “The HEED Award process consists of a comprehensive and rigorous application that includes questions relating to the recruitment and retention of students and employees — and best practices for both — leadership support for diversity, campus culture and climate, supplier diversity, and many other aspects of campus diversity and inclusion,” said Lenore Pearlstein, publisher ofInsight Into Diversitymagazine. “We take a detailed approach to reviewing each application in deciding who will be named a HEED Award recipient. Our standards are high, and we look for institutions where diversity and inclusion are woven into the work being done every day across their campus.” If you are experiencing difficulty accessing information on this site due to a disability, or if you have questions or concerns regarding the accessibility of content on this site, please tell us about the issue so we can assist.