The North Wisconsin Academy was founded in 1892 with a declaration to provide educational opportunities to people of the north woods—including immigrants, women, and Native Americans. The Academy later became Northland College, and our commitment to that original idea has never wavered. Northland was one of the first institutions of higher learning to offer a major in Native American studies and has hosted an annual powwow every year since 1974. The Diversity Center reflects Northland’s commitment to diversity and inclusion by providing a physical space that reflects some of our dearly held principles: community, social justice, and respect. Located at 1208 2nd Avenue West (just north of the CSE), the center offers a safe, welcoming, and inclusive space for all. Here you’ll find a great atmosphere for programming, studying, meeting new people, or spending time with friends.Learn more. The Alliance works to bring understanding of lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans*, two-spirit, queer/questioning, ally, intersex (LGBT2QAI) issues to the Northland community, while creating an open and inclusive space for all. The Alliance hosts many events throughout the school year, including: weekly discussion topics chosen by students, film screenings, drag shows, Rainbow Dinner, and LGBT2QAI Awareness Week. Wherever you fall on the rainbow spectrum, we welcome you to our meetings! All we ask is that you bring an open mind.Emailus for more information or to get on our email list. Visit ourFacebook pageto learn more. We want you to be comfortable in your living environment in our residence halls. We are providing an opportunity for you to tell us what that looks like for you. The process is simple and confidential. Harrison Lucas ’17Major: Elementary Education with a focus on Social StudiesQ. Why elementary education? How did you get on this path?A. Well, my dad is a… Adrian Diaz ’16 says he has witnessed the struggles of immigrants in the United States and it has shaped his career goals. “My parents’ and… The ICC provides educational programs and outreach, and promotes awareness and understanding of indigenous cultures and languages. Graphic design student Petter Bülling experienced one particularly low moment during his summer internship at Artilleriet, a high-end home décor store. He was helping move… I remember the first time I was invited to visit a plantation. I was in the fourth grade and our teachers had planned a field…  my.northland.edu Copyright©2024 Northland College.All rights reserved. https://www.northland.edu/campus-life/diversity-inclusion Our website uses cookies for necessary functions and to enhance your browsing experience. Learn more in ourPrivacy Policy.