“The biggest differentiator of a liberal arts education, I think, is that you can interconnect ideas between different disciplines easily and understand where others are coming from. Tyler Bennett ’21 “The biggest differentiator of a liberal arts education, I think, is that you can interconnect ideas between different disciplines easily and understand where others are coming from. Tyler Bennett ’21 We have resources and programs available through our on-campus centers that are part of SNC’s long-term commitment to our shared vision: TheCassandra Voss Centeroffers innovative programming about issues of identity that is making an impact at the regional and national level. The center is a focal point for education and awareness among faculty, staff and students at the college – and beyond. In an increasingly interconnected world, appreciation for other cultures and awareness of global issues are essential to prepare you for a life of impact and influence. TheCenter for Global Engagementcan help you add a global dimension to your St. Norbert College experience through theirstudy abroad and off-campus programs,on-campus programmingandGreat Decisions lecture series. TheNorman Miller Center for Peace, Justice & Public Understandingcultivates awareness, compassion and commitment to justice and the building of sustainable peace. As such, the activities of the center champion the human dignity of all. TheSturzl Center for Community Service & Learningconnects students to service work that promotes the common good by addressing real community needs. The center is grounded firmly in the idea that service can be a medium for personal growth for students and an agent of positive change in our communities. The Proud to be First program is open to any students whose parents/guardians did not earn a four-year degree. A quarter of SNC students identify as “first generation,” so being first does not mean being alone. Proud to be First aims to celebrate these students’ contributions to SNC, help them make useful connections and inspire them to build their confidence. Annually, the college hosts events to celebrate and raise awareness of other cultures, including Black History Month, Asian Pacific Islander Celebration, Native American Celebration Week and Latine Student Union Fiesta. The LGBTQ+ Student Services connects students with resources and support in an effort to foster a campus environment where all students, including those who identify as lesbian, gay, bi, trans, queer, questioning or otherwise, feel welcomed, respected, safe and valued. The office of student inclusion and belonging creates safe relationships for and with students in order to facilitate their personal and intellectual growth.The office also conducts programs for the campus community and special populations of students, including:Annual events to celebrate and raise awareness of other cultures, including Black History Month, Asian Pacific Islander Celebration, Native American Heritage Celebration and Hispanic Heritage Celebration.Students Taking Academic Responsibility (STAR), which helps first-year multicultural students develop a toolkit for academic and career success, and build relationships across campus.Men of Distinction, a leadership and empowerment program designed to help Black males thrive during their time at SNC and beyond. 920-403-4023 studentengagement@snc.edu Ray Van Den Heuvel Family Campus CenterSuite 330 Monday-Friday8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Center for Student EngagementSt. Norbert CollegeCampus Center100 Grant St.De Pere, WI 54115 St. Norbert College adheres to all policies of non-discrimination on the basis of age, sex, gender
            identity, race, color, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, military or veteran status,
            marital status, disability, religion or any other characteristic protected by the current federal,
            state, and local statutes. Further, the college prohibits discrimination based on genetic
            information and non-job related arrest record or conviction records for employment purposes. ©2024 St. Norbert College