Questions? TheStudent Services Centeris here to
        quickly answer your questions. TheIT Service Deskis here to help with technology
        troubleshooting. Students, staff, faculty, the broader community – we all have a responsibility to recognize discrimination and work to correct it, both through our own behaviors and through policy within the University. Our efforts lead to the reason behind the Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Office: no matter who you are, you are welcome here at UW-Green Bay. contact us Progress is important. We are always moving toward our vision for a more inclusive campus. Inclusion Statement Our University’s #1 priority is our students. If you need support, we have resources. Access Resources View the steps we’re taking to achieve our mission of teaching all who want to be taught. What We're Doing Bias is simply defined as a tendency to prefer one thing or person over another. What’s not so simple is when biased attitudes are expressed through physical or verbal harassment. To report incidents of bias and hate perpetrated by a UW-Green Bay community member, fill out our Bias Motivated Incident Form. *If the incident rises to a crime, report to theUniversity Police. File The Report Consider our office as the central resource dedicated to fostering a university community that's welcoming to all. The reason why is simple—to live up to our mission to fearlessly meet challenges, solve problems and provide educational access to anyone seeking to learn. We offer free inclusivity & equity certificates for ourstudentsandemployees. And, we offer an online, non-credit diversity, equity and inclusion certificate program available to anyone for a fee. Get a Certificate Everyone deserves to have their basic needs met. To achieve this on campus, we provide food, clothing and hygiene products for our students, faculty and staff. Access the Resources Be entertained and enlightened. Browse our eclectic range of events that celebrates a wide-range cultures. (Including yours!) Attend an Event The Center for the Advancement of Teaching & Learning (CATL) promotes continuous learning for instructors so they can enhance students’ experiences. Learn about CATL Developed by our First Nations faculty, our Land Acknowledgement recognizes those who were here first. Read the Acknowledgement Learning never stops—and that includes gaining new perspectives, histories and individual truths. Then using that knowledge to spur change. Find Ally Resources Our strategic plan outlines our specific goals to encourage and support a more diverse campus, plus what we're doing to get there. path to inclusivity Stacie Christian, our Assistant Vice Chancellor of Inclusive Excellence, strives to build a campus of inclusivity. If you need any help accessing resources, get in touch with her. let's connect UW-Green Bay2420 Nicolet DriveGreen Bay, WI 54311(920) 465-2000uwgb@uwgb.edu Manitowoc Campus705 Viebahn StreetManitowoc, WI 54220(920) 683-4700 Marinette Campus750 W Bay Shore StreetMarinette, WI 54143(715) 504-3391 Sheboygan Campus1 University DriveSheboygan, WI 53081(920) 459-6633 UW-Green Bay fearlessly faces challenges, solves problems, embraces
            diversity and forges access to education for all who seek it.
            UW-Green Bay is the fastest-growing UW school in Wisconsin. With
            campuses inMarinette,Manitowoc,SheboyganandGreen Bay,our missionis to teach all who wish to learn.