Questions? TheStudent Services Centeris here to
        quickly answer your questions. TheIT Service Deskis here to help with technology
        troubleshooting. Engaging in conservation is not just about the science behind it; it’s about the humanity, too. That’s why our program goes beyond scientific knowledge and emphasizes the importance of the human dimension of environmental work. You’ll learn concepts and develop skills in policy implementation, conservation ecology, data analytics and visualization, spatial mapping, emerging conservation concepts and technologies, community engagement and conservation research and monitoring. See Your Path Our program is one of the only master’s degrees in conservation across the country—and of those, even fewer are fully online. Apply An increasing demand for qualified professionals in our field means a stable career where you can improve the environment. Explore Careers Whether you’re in or out of state, tuition is a flat fee of $750 per credit. Graduate Tuition Our online program model was designed to make higher education more accessible. You can learn when you want, where you want, with asynchronous format and no obligation to come to campus. How You'll Learn Online In fact, Harper’s Magazine and Newsweek dubbed us the Eco U® in the early 1970s. Our Cofrin Center for Biodiversity promotes conservation through education, research, land stewardship and community services. Our resources are made for online students, too, with resources throughout our website to help give you experience and build skills. At the end of your degree, the capstone experience will provide you with an opportunity to apply your knowledge and expertise to real-world situations and make a positive impact on society. ABout MS in Biodiversity Because our program is offered in coordination with Wisconsin Online Collaboratives, you’ll learn from professors across the state who have a wide range of expertise. Visit their website to learn about the program. Visit Website No matter where you're located, UW-Green Bay and Wisconsin Online Collaboratives have the resources and services to ensure your success. Though tuition is handled through Wisconsin Online Collaboratives, our UW-Green Bay campus will help you with financial aid to fund your degree. Financial Aid Wisconsin Online Collaboratives provides success coaches to get you on track, and our professors here at UW-Green Bay are always willing to help you. Get a Success Coach Offset the cost of your tuition by applying for scholarships. One easy application means you’ll be considered for all UW-Green Bay scholarships. Apply for Scholarships As a part of Wisconsin Online Collaboratives, you're supported by an array of advisors. Connect with them for support. Contact Us UW-Green Bay2420 Nicolet DriveGreen Bay, WI 54311(920) 465-2000uwgb@uwgb.edu Manitowoc Campus705 Viebahn StreetManitowoc, WI 54220(920) 683-4700 Marinette Campus750 W Bay Shore StreetMarinette, WI 54143(715) 504-3391 Sheboygan Campus1 University DriveSheboygan, WI 53081(920) 459-6633 UW-Green Bay fearlessly faces challenges, solves problems, embraces
            diversity and forges access to education for all who seek it.
            UW-Green Bay is the fastest-growing UW school in Wisconsin. With
            campuses inMarinette,Manitowoc,SheboyganandGreen Bay,our missionis to teach all who wish to learn.