The Office for Equity, Belonging, and Culture spearheads the development of a visionary approach and strategic objectives to propel anti-racism initiatives and foster an inclusive, compassionate work and educational environment where everyone experiences respect, engagement, support, and recognition. Under the leadership of the Vice Chancellor, Equity, Belonging, and Culture, the office collaborates closely with the Students, Staff, Faculty, University Leadership, and Board of Governors to instigate cultural and organizational transformations aimed at fostering a climate conducive to equity, diversity, inclusion, justice, and belonging. This office assumes responsibility for guiding institution-wide endeavors that challenge conventional higher education practices, processes, and cultural paradigms, while advocating for profound and sustained organizational evolution. By engaging in partnerships with affiliated entities, we endeavor to create and implement collective initiatives and activities that bolster and advocate for Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging (EDIB), thus ensuring that the mission of Antioch University remains at the forefront and is magnified through our endeavors. Stephanie Helms Pickett (she/her) joined Antioch University in January 2024 as the inaugural Head of Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging. She reports directly to the Chancellor and serves on the Chancellor’s Cabinet. Stephanie has extensive experience in higher education administration, working at private, public, single-sex, predominantly White, and historically Black institutions of higher education, in residence life, commuter life, multicultural affairs, orientation, leadership, international student affairs, disability services, and academic support services. She’s served as the Associate Vice Provost for Inclusive Excellence and Strategi Practice at North Carolina State University and as the Director of Assessment and Professional Development, as well as the Director of the Women’s Center at Duke University. Dr. Helms Pickett is an Adjunct Assistant Professor in Educational Leadership and Higher Education Policy in the College of Education at NC State University and an Adjunct Professor in the Duke University Divinity School. Her research interests are in the areas of higher education policy, women’s engagement, cultural competency, faith, and leadership. She is a qualified administrator of the Intercultural Development Inventory and uses it in her practice to assist others in developing an intercultural mindset. She presently serves as a member of the BRIDGES Advisory Board, a leadership program advancing women in higher education. Stephanie holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Radio & Television Broadcasting from Southern Illinois University at Carbondale; and a Master’s and Doctorate degree in Higher Education Administration from North Carolina State University. Email Stephanie. In radical recognition of our mission and purpose, we pledge to actively engage in ongoing development as a wholly inclusive community. To this end, we will consistently, deliberately, and systematically strive to be appropriately responsive to the myriad dimensions of human diversity, such that none are marginalized and all experience justice and empowerment. Moving beyond tolerance toward inclusion and the celebration of our differences, we will courageously embrace any resulting challenges as they arise, recognizing that the responsibility for this rests with each and every member of the community. We assert that we will move expeditiously toward our goals through an ongoing commitment to courageous self‐examination and respectful and honest interactions, which will lead us to the creation of formal and informal structures, policies, programs, and services that will give life to these ideals on our campuses and as we touch the world around us. (Created by the University-wide Diversity Statement Task Force, approved 2012) Antioch University acknowledges the traditional owners of the country throughout North America and their continuing connection to land, culture, and community and recognizes those territories that are unceded. When scheduling exams, deadlines, events, or activities, please refer to the calendar provided for observation of religious and cultural holidays. Calendar overlays may be used as a guide for instructors and event planners to indicate which days are important religious holidays that might entail restrictions. Google has several overlays for regional and global religious holidays that you can add by going toSettings > Add calendar > Browse calendars of interestin your Google calendar. Please check theInterfaith Calendarfor additional holidays. Link to calendar Antioch University engaged Rankin Climate to conduct a climate study centered around a university-wide survey. Climate studies measure an institution’s real and perceived environment—how people interact personally, academically, and professionally—and gauge its strengths and weaknesses around equity, diversity, inclusion, and belonging. The Anti-Racism Task Force (ARTF), established by Antioch University Chancellor William Groves in July 2020, was convened in response to national movements focused on systemic racism and white supremacy in the United States and beyond and to expand on Antioch’s firmly established mission of social justice in a way that intentionally reinforces the university as an anti-racist academic institution. We actively work with the ARTF to strengthen our campus and foster development in our university and the communities in which we are a part. Antioch University is proud to be selected by the Association of American Colleges & Universities (AAC&U) to host a higher education Truth, Racial Healing, and Transformation (TRHT) Campus Center. We are so pleased to be engaged in this important work in collaboration with our colleagues at Otterbein University, one of the first TRHT Campuses in the nation. The Council for Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion (CEDI), a grassroots graduate student/alumni-led and run cooperative organization, has recently asked Antioch University to take additional steps to become a more anti-racist institution. CEDI’s mission is to drive anti-racist action and propel systemic change across the University in order to advance Antioch’s commitment to racial, social, economic, and environmental justice. CEDI members recently joined Antioch’s monthlyMessy Conversationsto discuss their experiences at Antioch and to introduce a petition, which includes a set of formal recommendations for the University’s consideration. Messy Conversations provide a Collaborative Environment for Growth.At our best, the persons who make up Antioch University form a vibrant community of learners who believe in the importance of conversations that are “messy” because they are complex, challenging, intricate, layered. Everyone has a seat at the table here; any voice committed to collaborative learning and growth will be heard. Antioch University is a proud co-founder of the Coalition for the Common Good © Antioch University 2024. All rights reserved. Accessibility Tools