(239) 687-5300  Ave Maria School of Law, a devout Catholic law school, dedicated to educating lawyers with the finest of professional skills, along with developing the respect and sensitivity needed for diverse concerns. We strive to foster a campus culture that safeguards the dignity of the human person and the common good.  In our commitment to diversity, inclusion and a sense of belonging, we have appointed a Diversity and Inclusion committee comprised of Deans, Faculty, Staff and Students, to help increase awareness, encourage open community dialogue and incorporate programs and events that develop new insights and broaden perspectives. Our road to a stronger inclusive environment throughout the campus is an ongoing process. The Ave Law Mission Statement recognizes that “the Ave Maria community of faculty, administrators, mentors, students, alumni and staff is based on the inherent dignity of every human being stemming from our creation in the image and likeness of God and raised to a new level by our redemption by Jesus Christ.” As a legal academic community, we are committed to understand and value differences. Ave Maria Law’s motto is Fides et Ratio–Faith and Reason. Our school was founded on the Faith of the Catholic religion, the Catholic name derives from Latin and Greek terms that mean ”universal.” Christ gave us this gift-he gave his life for all women and all men, young and old,poorand rich, white and black, and everyone in between, all shades, all sizes, all cultures. We are one human race. Our Faith teaches us to love one another.  To respect one another.  To treat each other with dignity. Fratelli Tutti Address of the Holy Father Paul VI to the Committee of the United Nations on Apartheid American Bar Association American Bar Association for Students Center for Legal Inclulsiveness– The Path to Transforming the Legal Profession Diversity Officer Magazine Florida Diversity Council Practice Pro Latham & Watkins LLP Fellowship Skadden 1L Scholars Program Kirkland & Ellis Virtual 1L Diversity Scholars Conference Goodwin Diversity Fellowships Cooley US 1L Diversity Fellowship Sidley Diversity/Inclusion Scholarship Weil Diversity Fellowship for 2L Law School Student Ave Maria School of Law is approved by the Council of the Section of Legal Education and Admissions to the Bar of the American Bar Association, 321 North Clark Street, Chicago, IL 60654,312-988-6738. Visit us: 1025 Commons Cir, Naples, FL 34119 Sitemap © 2024 Ave Maria School of Law. All Rights Reserved (239) 687-5300